do not buy this piece of junk . The phone has bad screen. I find it uninteresting. Perfect nothing scratched. One of them with wifi problem, need to replace to improve the wireless. Very disappointed bought this phone this year and now the battery has spoil guess because the phone did not came with the original charger. Damaged product. Very upset with the product. Product arrived in good condition but battery was not working.. I've had to replaced battery by own .. Worked good. The phone was in good condition. Looked good as new. Only one problem, the camera sound does not get silent. The phone volume gets silent, just the phone wouldn't get silent while clicking the pictures. Perfect nothing scratched. One of them with wifi problem, need to replace to improve the wireless damaged product Very upset with the product. Product arrived in good condition but battery was not working.. I've had to replaced battery by own . Very disappointed bought this phone this year and now the battery has spoil guess because the phone did not came with the original charger. Worked good The phone was in good condition. Looked good as new. Only one problem, the camera sound does not get silent. The phone volume gets silent, just the phone wouldn't get silent while clicking the pictures. Phone does not work, it will not call, extremely hot, the front camera is not lined up with the glass. Phone didn't work :( had to return. They were good to reimburse me though. So far I love this... only negative thing is a couple of times it has for no reason turned off completely It came same like as I have expected....... Not only the cellphone is not unlocked as It says. I tryed calling AT&T to unlock it and apperantly this can not be possible due to a debt register to this phone. Will try to return it, hopefully I will be able to do so its a great phone really fast miss read the phone thought it said 160gb but its nice Excellent Very nice phone. I had my doubts but that was easy tesolved. Very happy an I am still learning to use it properly. The phone stopped working 3months after starting to use it. First the battery would run out 3 hrs after fully charging it. A month later, you can't use it except on wifi. It wint make calls or send text. Product doesn't work Worse phone ever had. The phone touch freezes and I cant type anything. Sometimes it doesn't even allow me to answer a call. It works great! My phone arrived on time. I love it. I'm new to the iPhone family and will not be returning to Android. Excelent It dididn't come with a sim card but over all I love it it's in great condition and I loved that it came early. Not unlocked! I has not been functioning as it should - have called at&t and some updates happened but it still does not ring when I get calls and does not notify when I get texts......Still struggling with it. Great phone. No problems. Received quickly. It's good but not 64GB it's only 16GB! Good I haven't even had it for 3 months and it has all kinds of glitches and problems. The screen goes black for no reason Phone is locked...so disappointed. Worked for only 5 months Product arrived defective and glitchy. Can't charge the phone because of some crap that appears to have been stuck in the slot to charge and I guess I didn't read the info correct because it's a Verizon version and im T-MOBILE sending back for my refund! Great phone haven't had any issues since I received it Phone itself is good, no sight of wear. The earphone is missing. The charger is the most ugly thing I've seen. Great phone. Like new! Excellent it has no ear phones but it is brand new .... I like it very very much The phone I purchased will not turn on or take charge any longer Excelente Excellent. Thanks for your on time delivery. It works perfect very happy with the purchase Honestly, I'm pretty satisfied with this product. Despite the negative reviews, I took a risk and found myself in a happy place. My phone came safely. There were no visible scratches or whatsoever on the phone. The only disappointment here is that the phone I received was a China model, therefore, my phone had camera shuttering sounds even when the ringer was turned off. Overall, I'm have no regrets on this purchase. great, came as it was suppose to The phone was sent in ok condition, although it glitches and does not work properly. The speaker does not work and it shuts off from time to time. I would not recommend this seller. An actual IPhone came in the mail! One problem... smudges from the packaging ruin the design a bit... not a big deal.. just had to point that out Not good The phone itself was in decent shape. However, the post said it would work with AT&T and instead it was for Verizon and therefore couldn't get it to work and had to send it back . Not even 2 months with the phone and i am having the same problem I had with my last Amazon "refurbished guarantee" phone. So super npissed and taken advantage of. amazing I wanted a charger and headphones for that. But I did not get any.. I requested the amazon team. But there is no action. Phone works how it should but at least once a month it will randomly just turn off for no apparent reason which scares the living hell out of me because i just dropped 300$ For it! Arrived promptly in original factory packaging. As a former Samsung user, it's taking me some time to get used to the different OS, but I am impressed with the elegance of how the whole thing works. I bought this iphone for my mom and so far it has been working great. The battery is really good like brand new and the phone only has two small scratches. It arrived without original box and it only contained USB charger which is not original either. So you only get the phone I guess and if anything happens I will update my review. Love the phone but but since i bought it it freezes a lot!!! It's just what I expeced The phone arrived fine and everything but after the 30 day warranty was up my phone *magically* started having issues. The actually phone casing itself is lose, the entire phone is kind of bending (to be fair that might be my fault), I literally just plugged my charger in and it went from 11% to 52% in the blink of an eye. I unplugged it and it went back down to 12%. Sometimes I'll put my phone face down on my desk and when I pick it back up the screen is frozen on whatever I was doing last causing me to restart the phone. It was fine at first but there's sooooo much going wrong.. Is a good device easy to handle You get what you pay for not perfect battery doesn't stay charged as long phone gets hot . This phone work perfectly. More than I expected Met all my expectations. Arrived on time and as advertised. everything ok Good One The battery runs out with in few hours. Bad purchase. I am already having difficulty with this phone and it under 90 day warranty and the process to return seems to have disappeared ? Really happy with this product. Came as advertised. Has worked fine. No problems noted after months of use. The product came on time and i love it Battery did not charge. Phone worked slow. It was working well for a month then it started freezing occasionally and shutting down on it's own Unfortunately I was in a bind and desperately needed a new phone. I bought this phone because my old one was out of memory and was breaking down (had the phone for 2 years). So I really just needed something reliable with more memory to hold my pictures and allow me to use my apps (old phone was 16gb). Right off the bat this phone was not ideal, however it was better than the old one and I was working 7 days a week and was barely using the phone other than for sporadic texts, a few calls, and to check the time. Two months later the phone already dies on 30%+; has an overall short battery life after charging, and frequently freezes - also when listening to music, I can't have the phone in my pocket because even when the phone is locked it will skip around or turn on voice activation. I wish I saved the $300+ and saved up for a new decent phone. Phone was in great shape. No problems conecting it to my service. It amazing ! No issues I love my purchase good Working great Very happy with my purchase of this iPhone and had absolutely no problems activating it with Metro PCS :) Apple IPhone 6 doesn't work Fantastic service phones (2) worked and looked good , thanx guys. Highly recommended. good i have some problems with it but i mean its better than having to buy from apple especially when im not working now Phone came with charger, it was In a perfect condition. Everything works fine good I love my phone its like a new phone . Great No complaints at all Good phone. Looks good as new. Bottom of the screen felt like it was clicking when I pushed on the right side. I took it to an Apple Store and they told me the phone was bent and that it wasn't completely straightened in the refurbish. This was a good condition phone not excellent. I still wasn't thinking I would get something with the screen loose on the bottom right. Oh well but the bullet got a cover and now don't even notice it. Go for excellent condition and this may not happen. Doesn't hamper the device functions just annoying to pay 300+$ for an item that's older but not perfect. Not original screen and it keeps clicking and the battery is terrible The product become with a defect. Can not read the SIM card, the phone was with that defect and I can't use it. Also, when I send the product to a change the courrier (DHL) LOST my product, so I lost my money. The phone was Refurbished but in WORST condition. I lost the money for a not useful product. Its was good I was so impressed with this refurbished iPhone 6. At first look it looks brand new! There was no scratches or any imperfections. The same with using it, there was no problems at all with functionality and it works the same as a new iPhone would. This saved me so much money and I would highly recommend it! Worked perfect for Two and a half months then just started to randomly shut off and didnt turned back on.Had to return it Battery lIfe is terrible, from the moment we got it. Very dissapointed. As a refurbished phone, I was really impressed. Case was clean, glass was perfect and both cameras were crystal clear. Couldn't be happier. The phone came in good but the screen is unresponsive and there are ghost touches. It randomly happen and its annoying. I try everything as to resetting it but that does not work and try holding the power button and home button. Any way its working but the screen is annoying andim planning to take it to apple to fix it. GREAT Phone worked great for almost a year, now the charging port is failing and is extremely hard to charge the phone. Not a very good deal for less than a year worth of use. I just bought this phone and its seems to be that battery is drained. It only lasts a couple of hours (mainly in standby). I'm trying some configuration hints, but almost for sure I'll return the product. Love it Looks great and works perfectly! I had to charge it but the charger it came with was super fast and great! Great item... thanks... We can't hear anyone no matter how high we have the volume turned up. I purchased this phone, plugged it in for its first charge, and it never turned on. I let it charge for 7 hours...nothing. Fortunately, Amazon Prime has a very good return policy. AVOID THIS ITEM. It's a brick. Excellent product, I am very pleased. My son received this phone yesterday, activated it and it works perfect. It came in a nice package and looks new. I would recommend this to anyone. Product is great and seller was very helpful that's good overall no sketch nothing that's looks like new :) Bottom microphones are defective and could not be repaired. I had to buy a new unit. Wifi and Bluetooth doesn't works, also didn't recognize my SIM It looks great and function as I expected. phone was malfunctioning, silent button did not work, returned May 2nd still waiting for my refund I GONNA return it. Thanks for iPhone 6 I got this phone no time After dropping my phone in the toilet I came to Amazon for help. I am so happy I bought this phone. It came on time and works perfectly and looks perfect The worst product ever. I bought this cellphone and it was broken. I had to return it after going to a lot of apple stores to know if they can fix it. Apparently the cellphone won't get fixed. How can a cellphone be sold in this condition? I don't live in the US so I have no cellphone now. Used iPhone's battery was dead on arrival! Has to replace battery on device. Make sure to ask about battery first... Waited a month after receiving the phone in case I needed to return. I have had no issues with the device thus far. Excellent condition, could not tell it was refurbished i am totally satisfied with my purchase, everything works well. however i know I was lucky cause buying this stuff here is a gamble - my previous purchase, the same iphone, was broken The refurbish process for iPhones is not good. Bought two of these and they broke after about 4 months of basic use. I guess they were broken the first time for a reason. Once it is a lemon it is always a lemon. The screens on both of these quit responding to touch even after complete software reset. Apple want $300 to fix it right. These are a rip off. I have had the phone for 2 weeks, the battery is failing, pity I like the phone. I will return it. The device working well, the package delivered in perfect conditions and delivered in time. I appreciate the quality presented. No problems with this product Everything was exactly as described and it arrived as expected. We've been using the phone for about three weeks now. It took a whole day to to finally turn on.Then I got to finally use it and the battery was charged ti 100% and died in like two hours.And I bought this phone because my other iPhone had the same problem. Just OK. The screen has a loose end. Buyer offered to send it back, but I'm abroad. So couldn't take the offer. : The phone looks good and works great. Got it on time with no issues. I would buy from them again. So far works well, hooked right up to phone carrier no problems, a little glitchy at times but so far so good. Good phone overall. Love the quality of sound. the screen and the size of the phone. Its a good investment. Product works but its clearly not made by apple. This IS NOT an apple Iphone. Although the firmware works just fine, the screen clicks like it isnt fully bonded, the buttons are loose and it got really hot from just charging it. (I bought from Deal fisher) make sure yoou get an APPLE iPhone. Actually the review for Trianium case belongsnhere. I will not repeat. Suffice to say the refurb'd 6 and the lime green protective case are the talk of my house. Excellent packaging and product. I'm pleased with the product and seller. Wouldn't mind doing business again. Would definitely recommend to my friends. I love the phone but the screen frozes sometimes and the keyboard doesn't work most of the times and it's very inconvenient. I'm not so happy about this. Love it came right on time! It came well packaged, charging connection and cord. The phone had no scratches or damages. Great phone, like new; love my purchase. This phone is amazing without a doubt a great buy! Got this for my self and I don't regret it! The phone came in a very secure box and a charger but it's not apple, had no problem setting it up to metro pcs. The reason why I have it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it did not have headphones and not an apple charger Really grand Refurbished iPhone6 - works perfectly! Quick shipment & good secure packaging. Would refer friends & buy something like this again. Phone worked great for 3 months. Then touch screen started acting up and is no longer usable. I was very careful with phone and placed in Life Proof case immediately and never dropped. Just a crappy phone. First time writing a review. I hastily ordered this phone after my iPhone stopped turning on. Once I had paid for the item, I read the reviews and was prepared for the worst. But, I figured, if the phone wasn't up to par I would just return it. I've now had it a week and am thrilled. Battery life is great. No scratches or dings. As others posted, it did come with a cheaper charger, but as my existing charger is compatible I really didn't care. Based on my purchase alone, I would recommend. Works fine. Set up service in Canada for the 2 weeks I am here. I am planning too set it up in the US when I get back. Good working as expected . Looks very neat and will pass for a brand new iPhone. I recommend it for personal use The phone wasn't UNLOCKED. I tried to contact the seller and never got an answer. The phone works perfect! Just what I wanted the one and only thing that ruins it is that the shutter sound will not turn off no matter what! And I can't even snap in class which sucks The cell phone arrived in excellent condition, no scratches, completely new. So far I have not had any problems with it. I recommend it. I have AT & T so I had no problems using it. I will continue to update this I am having several problems with this phone!! I've had a 6 iPhone for over a year but this one has issues! its good device and I like it AAA+ My son loves this phone! It works great and the shopping experience was great. No problem I needed a replacement for my IPhone 5 and this was a cost effective alternative to the Iphone 7 that had a lot that I did not need. I have found refurbished products to be, in many ways, better than new since they were extensively evaluated in the refurb process. In terms of overall quality, I can find no differences between refurb and new. Works great , unlocked as advertised on Cricket (AT&T) network. The screen has quit sensing touch at the bottom good as new!!! Very nice phone iPhone 6 . I like it a lot Got the phone and plugged it into the charger. Didn't turn on, didn't turn on in recovery mode. I'm a student dealing with finals week and no phone. Very disappointed in this company and purchase. It needed a new battery had to buy one The phone works, but has terrible battery life and sometimes won't show that the battery percentage is decreasing. I've tried to factory reset it three times, but that does not fix it. Was not as advertised. The product was fine in appearance but once I started using it it wouldn't stop glitching and it was very annoying to use because it would press buttons on it's own. The battery also died very quickly and it packaging wise it didn't arrive the day it was suppose to. : very good This iphone6 battery is so bad The phone is in excellent condition but it seems to have two operating systems. I shut down on its own (showing that the battery life was exhausted) but when I repowered more battery life was available. Additionally, the battery ran out too soon. I asked for a refund and did not receive one in a timely manner and when I attempted to contact the company all I received was an automated system. The phone itself was nice, but slightly bent. My carrier is Straight Talk and I purchased a SIM card for this phone. Service worked for about an hour total and then the phone would read "searching" or "no service" in the upper left corner. I purchased three new SIM cards. I spent hours trying to resolve this issue with Straight Talk customer service and they were as helpful as could be but at the end of the day, it was a problem with the phone not reading the SIM card. The SIM card jack looked slightly bent, this may have been the contributing factor. Either way, I would warn to not buy this if you use straight talk. I went to Walmart and bought an iphone that was already set up through straight talk and it has been working fine. Excellent phone. My daughter is very happy. Works great with our MetroPcs account. Great product, thank you. Cellphone came in good condition, but battery life was really bad. Once it hit 30%, it shut off automatically. nice Worked great. Charger that came with didn't work, but we had some already. Awesome! good phone in good condition the only thing is that the batter is kind of messed up VERY GOOD. The silent button came pretty glitchy, the battery reader is NOT working correct, and coneting to the internet is a pain if u can deal with that get it. Returned for refund I recently purchased this phone because the seller had excellent ratings and reviews. But upon receiving it, I discovered the phone would not charge past 2%. My line of work relies on my having a reliable phone. My current phone is not. I now have to return this phone, wait for the refund to hit my account, and then find, purchase, and wait for another phone. Very unhappy. Both Cell Phones have`nt the headphones and the device to pull up the SIM card cover. The batteries have limited autonomy. The rest of the product is Ok. The cell phone came with punch marks on the top right. And did not bring headphones great condition Beautiful phone came on time and was all that I could have ever wanted. A Month later it starts to stall when typing. (Minor issue so I didn't complain) now all of a sudden barely holds a charge. Out of nowhere it gets really HOT and shutdowns I'm without a phone for hours. Comes back on when it wants to sometimes that can take a full day. Now I am kind of skeptical of refurbished anything. Not really wanting refurbished items again anymore. Service was quick and great. But overall the phones Bluetooth don't work and wifi goes in an out. Got the phone last week I changed it when it came on a big spot of ink was in the corner. Now the ink made lines all thru the phone. I'm happy with the product. I was very pleased with the quality of the phone I received. Although it didn't come with a headset it had a charger. The phone looked brand new and works great. Bought it for a friend. Worked well in India. No complaints. The battery only lasted 15min while talking I received my phone today and connected it to MetroPCS. It was in the box and looked brand new. I was worried after reading some reviews of nothing being in the box when it showed up but I did not have that experience. I will update my review if the phone does not work properly but for now I'm giving 5 stars because it got here in 2 days, looks brand new, got it connected with no problem, and is working great. The product is in exellent conditions careful you do not receive a refurbished Japanese phone which does not allow you to turn off the camera sound. Exactly as described. Works great and looks brand new. Phone came in a nice box with the charging equipment and instructions. Seller definitely cares about presentation and their packaging would be just fine if gifting this phone. My daughter broke her original iPhone and this was an affordable and "money well spent" option. Once it arrived she took it to the Verizon store and they transferred her info from the old broken phone to this new one. She was then able to trade in her old phone for a new phone case and additional charger Couldn't be happier with this purchase and how things turned out. There's a problem with the phone, the shutter sound for when you take a photo won't silent in any way. I need it silent for when I take pictures in meetings. Great product (can't tell difference between this one and a new phone), great service Was easy to transfer onto my plan. Bought a SIM card and it was very self explanatory on how to complete the process. Has been a great phone for 3 1/2 months and counting. Excellent So far so good. Outstanding Phone doesn't work. In the process of returning to get my money back, but I'll never get back the time wasted trying to get it to work. works perfect Perfect!!! Happy with my IPhone Phone is already freezing up, fails far more times than it works. Perfect!!!! Like new! I love it! Came fast nice phone maybe a little dinged up. Great The phone battery dies a little quick but other than that I am in love wit this phone !  Product was as stated. Working well till now. Only con is they didnt send me original earphones nor charger. Great iPhone! I will update the stars if when I go to Apple they tell me different. But so far I received the phone and the back reads that it is a Verizon phone. I really hope not because according to the description this should NOT be the case. I still went through the set up and have not been able to make a call out. All not good indications. Not to mention I'm overseas now with minimal options. I am so mad right now. Awesome deal! I bought this phone and was able to transfer my metro numbe on to it. The phone was in a perfect conduti Very happy It's really good phone work great like a new Bad refurbish work, cellphone with screen problem..never work Almost every like 30 minutes I'll have to manually reset the phone because it will freeze. But besides that. The phone looked perfect. Didn't have any marks or scratches or anything. Aside from the annoying freezes Great product arrived on time and you can tell it from new I will buy again. Phone is ok minor scratches it came with but battery die way to quick was not as new like you. guys said it would be As the new one! thnks alot The I Phone was a good purchase and works great. just as described Received a refurbished iphone 6 with a complete junk battery. Refurbished means "in normal working condition". I had to pay and additional $95 to have an apple store replace battery so it can actually work properly. Was not worth returning item, so i just ate the additional cost. what a joke. The phone arrived and its problem in the battery did not come in the original packaging for renewal I love this product but I need to active it to give an better opinion. Said it was factory unlocked and bought to use for AT&T. Took it to get it activated and it would not work with AT&T. Returning. love the phone eaasy to use and was able to stay on my nework without any problems The power cord did not work even when I switched out the boxes. When I received the box, the baggie it was in was open with dust and dirt in it. I was disappointed! What happen to headphones Ir is refurbished but to who really knows. It looks and works perfectly. Just as new. Great product. Great product, delivered timely. Had many scratch. So Returned the phone. My daughter enjoyed her phone! Just like a brand new one! MY DAUGHTER LOVE IT Battery is very bad charge it after 3 hours without using it went from 100% to 1%. As soon as I plug it it shows me 50% Phone would not turn on what so ever after hours of charging When I received the phone I found many scratches on the body and with bad charger and failed battery this is cunning seller I returned my product due to the battery being defected and not working properly. If you have no issue with that, then this would be a great purchase the phone was in great shape aside from the battery. Some small software glitches as well, but I figure that is due to the phone being unlocked. However the return was easy no hassle. It came without headphones is the only issue. The iPhone came in excellent conditions It to small for iphone 6 Its battery has serious problem. When i use the phone, the battery worn out so fast and sometimes it turns off suddenly, If i don't connect a charger, it won't turn on. The item description said that the item is certified refurbished, but it's not better than the used one. Not sure what all of these negative reviews are about unless they are competitors: Phone arrived in perfect shape, no dings or scratches, popped it on Cricket, not a problem at all. It good I like so much Bought the phone for my daughter for christmas. She complained that it had GPS and location problems. Took it to the apple store yesterday. Found out the phone has satellite problems that can't be fixed. Works great! Prompt delivery. problems with speaker No issues so far... It's good. The phone came in and looked and functioned like new. very pleased Awesome came the next day as scheduled in damn near mint condition so far battery holds up nice and has way passed expectations. Super great phone. I was extremely excited to be able to upgrade without agreeing to another contract. HOWEVER - I cannot mute my phone's camera shutter sound. It's supposedly because the phone was not made in America, but regardless it kinda stinks. No more stealthy snapchats. I'm going to look into getting it fixed, but other than that, it's a quality phone. Not as reliable as my old iPhone 6 was when it was new but adequate Had this phone for a couple months, never dropped it or anything but the buttons are stuck in the phone and the screen is popping out. Good condition. Never buy a new phone again. The iPhone came on time and looks brand new on the front and back with little scratches on the left near the volume buttons, but idgaf I still recommend. The camera is crystal clear too. I bought the space grey iPhone if wanted to know. Just Perfect Fast and great value! I never wrote a review before...I thought it's time to give back, since I relay on reviews so much in my purchases...after several days of waiting for the product (was on back order) i wasted 2 hours visiting 2 AT&T stores to learn that the phone doesn't work with this carrier; I'm glad for the amazon prime (and hustle-free return), however, I wish I didn't have to waste time - I didn't expect a mint-condition phone, however, I was expecting a functioning phone. Other than battery issues great phone The phone is dysfunctional in the fact that the ringer does not work for the camera shutter sound. Therefore, it makes an extremely loud shuttering sound every time I take a picture on snapchat or on my camera. EXTREMELY annoying as there is literally no way to prevent this and can prove to be a nuisance in public when you are trying to snap your friends. Also, I emailed the support email and haven't received an email back, and its been about 2 months. Horrible customer service, and they don't advertise the defects that could come with the product. Very disappointed. Blue tooth and Wi-Fi are not strong! speaker volume bad. My i5 worked better! I am satisfied with the phone. Also, Amazon backs it up with a 30 day warranty, so if anything is wrong with it you can always return it. This was a refurb from Verizon. Worked ok initially but once started using gps. It can't find out where I am. Very disappointed. Did not work with AT&T My daughter absolutely loves her iPhone 6. She's 14 and very hard to please( this was a treat for getting good grades all year). It was exactly as described and works well! I used Amazon prime for the purchase and shipping was on time and fast! I would def recommend this seller for this or any other phone ! A gift for my daughter who needs a phone for work.......she loves it!!!!!!!!! It works perfectly!!!!!! No phone in box only charger, dont buy its a scam. I ordered this phone as a gift. The phone arrived in two days as specified. The phone was like new in appearance and has worked very well since receipt. I am very pleased with this phone. There is a big Scratch. So far so good Good The phone came locked !! The first charge was full to 100%, but when it takes 20% my iPhone just turn off with no reason. Sometimes it works until 1%, sometimes not. I paid for a certified refurbished phone not for a broken one. I am very very desappointed. I ordered my phone and had one day shipping with it and all that was fine. When I got the phone everything was as expected. Then I got a call and when I tried talking to them, they said there was a lot of noise in the background, but there was no noise on my end or in my background. So I called a few more people and Everyone said the same thing, so I had to hear it for my self, and it was horrible. Currently I am returning it. The phone is in the mail. Basically it sucks paying that much money for a faulty phone and I would've been ok with just exchanging for another phone but all they could do is give me my money back or amazon credit (which isn't bad but I've already been through that process of searching for a phone). Phone works great only problem is some visible scuffing Excellent Just as described. Great condition and works perfectly. Even when the battey is full, the iPhone switches off by ot's self! I hate it. battery life sucks, but overall love it. Only one super tiny scatrch that I didn't noticed until I inspected really close. Looks, feels, acts like new (expect for battery) Had it for 4 months, no problems what so ever, it's as good as it can get got it just as the seller said (like new) Good phone gave me zero problems. I love it It stinks, came with deffective screen, had to return It . THESE ARE USED PHONES THAT ARE BEING FIXED TO LOOK LIKE A NEW ONE, BUT THEY ARE NOT. Fake iphone 6 Thanks! Works Great Doesn't worth it. Returned within two days. It was my first time buying refurbished. 1st use the phone simply started malfunctioning and battery suddenly came from 99% to 12% in a second. Took it to an Apple Store and they ran diagnosis. Phone is inoperable and battery has issues. I'm returning this dude. My daughter needed a new phone and AT&T was going to charge a fortune, even though her phone was several years old. So far so good. We also purchased an extended warranty. Phone arrived quickly and in perfect condition Wrong capacity. Works great and wxceeded expectations This functions properly that's probably the best thing I can say as of right now. The charging cord messed up after a few uses. The battery life lasts a lot shorter than a normal iPhone 6 should. It also shows a change in the battery is needed after a few days. Terrible.... my phone shuts off so many times throughout the day... I honestly wouldn't even give it 1 star... complete waste of almost $300. its an iphone it makes everything nice and smooth, the camera takes amazing photos and the screen looks really nice, the grip is not the best but the size of the phone its good for one hand use. Phone doesn't work, if you charge it for 1 hour it stays only for 2 to 5 min. Never trust this seller. I always blindly trust amazon but from now I have to do research before I purchase. I got what I expected. My phone has been working perfectly! The cellphone arrived as combined however the display comes with two kind of damage: LCD leakage (little region) and a dark region beyond scratches, but nothing harms the functionality. The scratches aren't problems because when I've chosen to buy a refurbished one I agreed with this kind of damage, but about the blots I didnt hope. Didn't have headphones and the charger is not original Perfect I've had it for about 3 months now. I was worried it wouldn't work properly or there'd be some issue with switching to this phone but it's been good. When I first started using it, it did used to restart at random moments but that only lasted for a few days and stopped without me doing anything to it. Charger has been working really well also. Doesn't come with earphones or anything but that's okay because I prefer to use the Jabra talk Bluetooth headset anyway (I know this review isn't about that but boy has using Bluetooth made my life easier! I can hear all sounds coming from my phone like music/calls/videos and I can be across the room at the same time) Screen is loose, phone has had a few glitches since receiving it. Nothing unbearable but somewhat irritating. I'm conflicted as to what to write about this product. I've only had my iPhone 6 for 10 days, and am already experiencing significant issues with it. The main issue being the phone is either using a corrupt battery, or there's a shortage in the circuit. Even if the phone is at 60% battery life it powers off with no warning. Had a bad battery. This company doesn't do much QA on used stuff. Great Product! Phone does not charge at all Phone stopped working within 2 weeks it just goes to the I phone screen and goes blank, just like my previous I phone 6 did of 1.5 years but this one was 2 weeks old. So I buy an I Phone 5 from amazon a few weeks later thinking it must be an I phone 6 problem, the phone I phone 5 stopped working 3 weeks later. i order this phone and got it quick . it had no scratches or dents works just fine also it does work with METRO PCS if u are going to connect it to metro, so happy i got this Iphone 6 64gb sliver . i did put a case on it bu without it , it t looks like new Holla Amazon.com is complicit in the resell of defective phones. I purchased two defective phones. Amazon has not performed a Bin Check on these defective items - it would be a large profit loss and they continue to be sold. My first defective phone had faulty hardware - the screen was blinking at the edges and the touch screen did not work. The second had a defective power system and would suddenly shut down. It is clear that many, if not the majority of these 'Certified Refurbished' phones are known by the reseller to be defective and Amazon has not responded with due diligence. After a lot of time and work by myself, my son and several people at Apple we could not get Face Time to work. I returned it for a refund. It was received and acknowledged. Then my contact went on vacation. So far I have not heard from the supplier. Excellent It was not working properly. was a good buy Excelent product Cant set the phone.. cant pick the language at the very beginning, cant go further in the setting of the phone.. tried to call the company, waited fro a while and they hung up a few time. Time wasted Everything good, working as it should. Really worth it for the price. Recommended so far (Ive had the phone for 15 days so far ) The worst phone i ever got. Battery doesn't last not even an hours. It's switching off soon as i try to take a photo! The biggest scam... Seller was: Luuki_Luuki - Received phone with faulty battery. Supposed to be a fully functiong refurbished iPhone 6 (I've had 2 other iPhone 6's over the last few years) and this battery lasts less than half the day, drops instantly from 30% to 1% or simply shuts off. I should have listened to the poor reviews before purchasing, I hope you will. Had to return iphone due to not being able to charge it. Thank goodness it was returnable. I can't notice any difference between this product and a new iPhone. Came in correct color, and in fewer days than expected. The only gripe I can even think of is that it says it's unlocked from Verizon and I thought it was going to be Tmobile or AT&T but the signal is still fine. GREAT PRODUCT GREAT PRICE! The phone is as good as new without any scratches. Until now it's been working great. As described, it came with a generic charger and cable without any headphones. The only problem is that it does not seem unlocked. It is not recognizing GSM SIM outside of country. Phone came in quick, still working good to this day. Great product to put on. Even came with cleaners for the screen. Dead... died .. done 4 months after purchase. Phone looks perfect Just dead Yes very satisfying broken already.....didn't last 3 months. cellphone looks new in condition , remember you are just paying for device .The non apple accessories looks very poor quality wise . Love this phone Terrible product, wifi internally has stopped working and you cannot turn off the camera sound. Both very frustrating! Overall, very satisfied. Flash light does not work, but can live without the flash light. Completely satisfied with the product. Phone works great. Just delivered yesterday! Excellent I was very leery of buying a refurb phone, but I am glad I did. There wasn't a single scratch on it, completely brand new, no issues, I am a very satisfied customer. Will buy again in the future.it arrived six hours earlier than anticipated, arrived in proper packaging to avoid damage, came with charging devices that work fine. Very pleased. I've had this phone for about two months and my Touch ID stopped working and my back camera glass fell out. I'm very disappointed It wasn't good Phone is in great condition. Battery lasts less. It is a very good product im happy with it. Its still a very useful smartphone still in 2017.im very happy woth this product and still using it today Excellent product works Perdy Awesome loved it brand knew out the box ! Got to me in as soon as 4/5 days ... all is looking well !the phone is in great shape !! Terrific phone. Well duh, it's an iPhone; not much more to say. Previously returned 3 iphones from there sellers due to very short battery life. This one is great and the battery lasts all day. Thank you. The cellphone is broken and the battery is old when the technician open it up to fix it. Super bad experience No chips or scratches, in great condition. I was a bit skeptical after reading other reviews but I experienced no problems! Seems to be working fine, However the battery drains a bit too fast for my liking. Otherwise, no scratches. While this is indeed an unlocked iPhone, it is the Japanese version, and therefore the camera shutter sound CANNOT be turned off, unless you do some jailbreaking which we were not prepared to do. It is unfortunate that the description doesn't mention this anywhere. The phone was awesome, either new, or virtually so, although it came with a non-Apple charger. The shipping was exactly as promised, the customer service was quick when I wanted to return, it's just a shame that the phone isn't quite as advertised. It's very good Arrived in great condition. No scratches or dings. I have heard this with many refurbished phones and it stands true with this one the battery is not great. It does last most of the day but does almost immediately if you open any apps once the battery gets to 30%. Also dies quickly if it gets cold (my old iPhone did this too). Overall for the price I am very happy The phone looks fine but the Wi-Fi is not as other iPhones. With my other iPhone 6 I was able to connect to Wi-Fi from my room but with this one it can't connect as if it didn't reach. Another issue, even when its muted the camera shutter sound effect always makes the sound and its loud. Works great Unfortunately, the "siri"-voice doesn't work well. It answers either no match found or dials a number when I asked for the population of a city or weather or anything. Also, it just blacks out when I'm in the middle of a call and am on hold and need to press options. With a black screen, I can't push anything and even power off doesn't work so I just have to wait until the call ends. For these reasons I had to return it. I did try to trouble shoot and Amazon recommended I call the seller but my call was not returned. first i was very happy this was yesterday sunday 16 april once i opened then on the back comes with 2 or 3 visible scratches i feel very dissapointed ,, cause they are next to the camera eye and for my bad luck i cant return it cause am a carnival cruise l crewmember and we are not allowed to disembark any item into the us i could easily get a decent phone brand new here in miami ,, but we have no time!! bad luck for me ,, see the pics add The iPhone 6 I purchased through Amazon works great. Been using it since I got it last year. Great phone, no problems with it good Delivered on time. Works like new. Very satisfied customer Completely happy glad I bought it off Amazon rather a store it has met all my needs an expectation happy customer right here. But the camera is not that good coz it's flash doesn't through out enough light when you take a picture in the dark... phone was in great condition works great my everyday phone now Its not unlocked so I could not use it and was not able to return before the deadline I bought 3 iPhones from this store and all off them are like stolen in apple!!!! I want my money back Excelente Phone came damaged, can't read sim card I bought the phone because it was supposed to have been refurbished but I've had several issues with it, Got mine yesterday and it's been working perfectly. So glad I thought of going on Amazon instead of buying brand new. I had an issue doing my Apple ID at first but once I signed up through the App Store it let me through. I'm actually posting this from my iPhone 6 (white/gold) and it's lovely. I broke my other one in two so I'm definitely putting a case on this one. I was nervous due to other reviews but this worked out great. nice phone for the price works perfectly Very good!! Sound great! Still working... Sound button malfunctions and it takes several attempts to get the phone to go on silent or non silent. Sometimes it does it by itself. Also, the screen keeps blinking and "fake" dying. I cancelled prime membership when I started having issues with the phone. I just realized that there is a 90 day warranty on the phone, and I would like to get a replacement. What do I do? I gave the iPhone to my wife. She LOVES it! Its working good for the price only black out one time I am very pleased with my new iphone 6 I don't like it! I think the battery is fried. It'll be at 100% one minute, then after one phone call it'll be at 10%. Wish I could give it 0 stars I read through the reviews after I had bought this so I was scared when I received it but I haven't had any problems what so ever (using the phone to write this review) Didn't have a problem with it being damaged (looks brand new) No issue with transferring SIM cards/ service Do not regret buy this item! Thanks These were for my 10 and 12 year old grandsons. They love them. Did have a problem with 1 but the seller replaced it without any questions! Thanks so much!! The phone came with a deep crack on its edge. no earphones... this device literally died after 3 weeks of being lightly used. Agree with previous reviews: this not a refurbished, but really used iphone. Great Everything is okay so far. Phone came packaged like it was suppose to, no scratches on the phone! Only complaint is the off brand charger that is NOT BY APPLE. Paquete recibida y a tiempo. Came in good condition. There were no scratches on the phone and it works fine. Arrived in mint condition, works perfectly so far, happy with purchase The phone i got from them was terrible, it didn't even work. Great price thats the main great thing. Nothing wrong with it. If your gonna get one get it from these guys It's Friday April 14th 2017, I've had my phone for about a good 2 weeks and it seems perfectly fine. I have experienced no issues with it so far, no cracks, dents, and or chips. Worked with my service which is metro pcs and I am happy. I was a bit skeptical at first because of all the bad reviews but I'm glad I went through with it, I bought it from buyspry or something along those lines. look like use (old) Customer Name :Bill Tinapple, Review Date: on April 12, 2017, Rating: 5.0 out of 5 Everything good! Got the phone let it charger so I thought over night and .......NOTHING the phone didn't even come on I was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED I END UP FINDING ANOTHER SELLER SAME EXACT PHONE FOR LESS AND IT WORKS!!!! First off the product arrived in a timely manner, the iPhone 6 was wrapped in a plastic bag , with a charger next to it , the phone turned on right away as I turned it on , 85% was charged , the iPhone condition it came was excellent and smooth , no scratches no defects , the pricing was not bad too for a 64gb , the charger that can with the iPhone was about 6ft with a lighting speed charging out , so most of all I was sadisfied. I bought the phone in December 2016 and it is now April 2017 and Apple informed me that the battery has reached the end of its life and they are charging me $80 to replace it. The phone wont even turn on! I tried 2 different chargers for hours and the screen is completely black. Phone constantly crashes. Battery is junk. Sold me a piece of junk and I want my money back. Don't buy. Spend the extra cash and go through a decent company That phone you sold to me stop working. I would like to know how come you sell it in so bad state! Excellent product. It arrived punctually as expected! Customer Name :Trish Mom, Review Date: on April 11, 2017, Rating: 1.0 out of 5 The phone arrived quickly and in great condition, everything seemed fine at first. A couple of days into use I realized that the mic did not work, which for me is a big problem because I take quick notes with the mic constantly. Also, the Bluetooth wouldn't work, no matter what type of troubleshooting we did. No mic + No bluetooth = returned phone. I used the phone for another day or two while waiting for my new one to come in. The screen began fading off and on to the point that it couldn't be read. I did a hard shutdown, recharged it and started it back up again. After a couple of minutes the screen went back to normal, so I quickly erase all data from the phone and put it in the box for return. Accesories are not original and phone is not working properly,battery is completely dead. During charging it goes up to %90 from %8. I was very surprised! This item did not work well, GPS was inaccurate, screen did not respond all the time, got frozen for moments, fingerprint did not work well either, and other stuff. Although the phone looked just like new, NO SCRATCHES at all, did no work well. I ended up taking it to Apple store for a checkup and they offered me a deal on buying a brand new 6S and took it. Purchased phone. Took to both Apple and AT&T. Something is wrong with phone. Called twice about the issue , got voice mail each time. Hours say 10:30- 4:30 Mon-Fri. Still no response. Absolutely horrible. Buyer beware !!! You mines well spend the extra money and get a brand new phone. I was so excited for mine, just to get it and it constantly die on me, almost every 5 minutes. it will go from 50% to 1% in a matter of seconds, and then if you don't catch it in time, it will die. Not happy with this purchase at all. You'd think since its refurbished, they would fix this damn problem too. Returning it and will give it one last shot before I just get my money back, get a new phone, and never use this company again. THEY SUCK. It came defective. I was promised a functioning refurbished Iphone and the one I got is an used broken one. I feel deceived and frustrated. Now, I am outside the country and am supposed to pay 70 USD to ship it back to the US. So, the end of my story is: I lost time, energy and money in trying to buy a refurbished phone. My advice: Do not ever buy a refurbished phone and don't trust Amazon blindly to help you when you are most frustrated with your defective product. Wi-Fi barely works Works great!! Was just as posted. Thanks for you quick service. I bought this Iphone as a present, and when I finally opened It I couldn't even set up the Iphone because the touch screen didn't work at all. I sent an email to the company, but I still didn't get an answer. I look forward fo a solution. It did work good for 5 months than when i clic one letter a different one would pop up, or if I would clic an app a different one will pop up. Shutter sound will not turn off whatsoever, even when volume is off or muted.I used to have an Iphone 5 it finally gave out on me. So, I decided to go with the 6. It looks brand new, works perfectly. I am very happy with purchase. 128GBs for this price? NOTHING CAN BEAT THAT, will be recommending this to others :) I received an empty box, containing just an iphone charger and not the iphone i paid for . When the phone arrived it was in good condition other than one small dent , later that week the battery became faulty and the phone continuously turned off Phone randomly shuts off for no reason, if I want to actually use my phone I have to have it on a charger but there are still times it shuts off!!!!!!!!! and the phone freezes all the time!! Worst phone ever Came in perfect condition and perfect rapping. Like new. I'm very pleased it was half way broken when it arrived. Looks like new not a single scratch came in a good box and is certified has the 30 day money back which is great every one who says theirs had no phone they lied because Amazon loves it's costomers and gives the full money back so I recommend this phone even their are no risks. Phone worked just fine and quite normally until the warranty went out. Coincidence? Maybe? Then all of the sudden wouldn't recommend gnome the charger. Took unit to get fixed wasn't the battery.. wasn't the charging port, said it was an operational system issue. Fantastic! Emailed this seller asking about options because literally the warranty went out like that day... uh.. no response. So to me now certified refurbished is like warmed up leftovers. This phone was not compatible with AT&T as indicated in the item description. The phone looked almost new and it was shipped the same day I ordered it, but AT&T was not able to activate it because they said it's not compatible. Everything was great. The only inconvenience was that I had paid for Two day delivery and the package arrived three days later. Most importantly the phone came in perfect conditions (just a few scratches on the Apple logo, and one hardly noticeable scratch on the screen). What I loved the most about this purchase is the great upgrade it was from my Xperia Z2 in terms of comfort and GB capacity (64 GB vs roughly 11 GB). Something really nice about this change is that the phone setup includes the Move to iOS option in which you can transfer all data to your iPhone from your Android, and it just makes your life much easier! I love it Perfect condition! This phone lasted 35 days. It died because that happens sometimes. Had an Apple store check out the phone and the best response I got was its not able to be repaired. So I paid $10 a day for a phone so a full star rating is too much! Just like new. Great. A Happy 16th birthday present for my daughter!!!!! She loving it!!!! I bought this phone and it looked to be in great condition. Everything worked great except when I make calls there is a horrible buzzing noise and the person on the other end cannot hear me. It only goes away if I use speaker phone. I called the seller because I have a 90 day warranty. Which means they will give me a refund once I return the phone. They will not replace it! Not happy. Excelent Ordered this refurbished iPhone 6 64gb for my teenage daughter to replace her 16gb. The phone was in excellent condition, looked new. We charged the phone overnight per instructions to ensure battery life. After a month of use, it continues to function like a new phone and has very long battery life. Would buy again! Excellent product, in great shape and survived a nasty fall onto concrete My husband got me the silver 6s cell phone and you'd never guess it was previously used. It is in great condition and works well. This is the first refurbished item I've owned and definitely not the last after this experience. My phone sucks it constantly dies on me and it started 1 month after I got the phone now I know to never buy a used phone from here Battery is not good but the phone work great Sucks Bad phony product Doesn't work at all Fake I phones Beware Wifi no goog Have to return it It works great! The cellphone condition was just great, but it worked for a week, after that the battery didn't hold the charge anymore and died. Got unlucky. The product came in good condition but when I tried to connect it, the employees said it was stolen. Got a used ipad mini with an activation code so its useless as there is no way i can contact original owner, very unhappy The Apple iPhone 6 has been nothing but one problem after another. This phone did not eve come with an iTunes Store or regular App. Store. When the iTunes Store was downloaded, there is a message that the phone does not have the capability to use the iTunes Store. So, if you want to download 1 song from the iTunes Store, you are simply out of luck. How could this be? No iTune Store for my iPhone 6 with 64 GB, help me understand how this can be. I would return the phone if I was able as it seems to have a mind of its own. I have instances the screen would go blank. Screen didn't work Product looks fine and it seems to function ok. It was described as refurbished and new on the page however there's a bump on the phone and scratches in the back. I'm more worried about the bump on top which you can see in the picture. I did pay extra to make sure I get a phone that's almost new tho now I'm disappointed to see that I was sold a used phone and not a refurbished one. Good phone the wifi works only when you're really close to the antenna. when the battery is drained it takes a lot of time (20 minutes) to turn on again. Can't turn of camera sound and it is dirty inside. The phone works but after 3 days of having it, it started to close apps unexpectedly and the volume was low compared to my sisters phone. I did return it. I did try trouble shooting but unfortunately that didn't help. So please pay attention to the phone if you order it so if there is a problem you can get a refund or contact the seller. Great phone charger that came with phone wouldn't charge it. Great product picked one day shipping and got the package right away. Only thing is that Facetime and imessage wont activate for me. Either than that the phone is great phone is great Great Iphone,and the suppliers described exactly what I got it. The battery, since I bought it, has failed. I sent an e-mail to claim for it but I haven't received any response yet. Positive experience! Phone looks like New and is working great. My son loves it. I feel good about the 90 day certified product guarantee! Win all the way around. I will review again after 90 days. No headphone Battery is terrible. Dies at 50- 30% usually. Camera is terrible. Not worth your money. Arrived in a timely fashion. However, a week later the screen flashes blue. As expected Was sent very quickly and the phone is great! Exactly what I expectet! Very very nice The phone is just like new!! The first phone didn't work properly but they replaced it with no problem and quick at responding to the issue!!!! Thanks was great buy. Looking forward to doing more business with you Perfect, like new! Excellent product... met my expectation Good Good for the most part but battery should definitely be checked better for any flaws and how the condition of it is Very much satisfied with the product. The battery on this phone dies immediately and the phone crashes every time i open an app. Ive tried troubleshooting and nothing works. I cant even send a text message without my messages closing out on me. The phone actually is not taking a charge any longer and im disappointed that Amazon would trust a non reputable company to distribute refurbished phones with their fulfillment. I tried calling the seller and there phone number is disconnected. Highly unprofessional and i would not recommend this purchase to anyone. Buyer beware!!! Something is wrong with the battery. I just got it because I am from out from the country. Please contact me at this mail: alejandra_idrovo97@hotmail.com Like new!! Everything i could ask for and more. No issues after 2 weeks of having phone no scratches or dents visible. I am very happy with this purchase!! Does not come with headphones,screen protector or case but the phone itself is awesome. Honestly i ordered a case and screen cover separate and i was not disappointed!! This is my first iphone i couldn't ask for a better phone In a week at the IPhone has begun to come unstuck (to separate) the screen (glass) from the case.  Will come off absolutely soon. I from Russia. I can't return goods (expensive postage). It is necessary to spend personal money for repair of the rejected phone. It is strongly dissatisfied with goods and the seller: the price - very expensive, quality of assembly - very low :( Very much I have fallen apart... Forgive for my bad English. So far so good. The phone itself is cosmetically perfect and is working fine! Haven't had any problem yet. Feels like new and I'm enjoying it! Arrived on time, looks like new; no marks or scratches. It's only been a couple of days, but seems to work vey well. So far, so good! My teen love her phone. Can't even tell it was refurbished. Get an Apple certified charger!, the one she got with the phone was not certified and the phone died at 80%. This phone has horrible battery life. I bought it several days ago and it died at 40%. It jumps from 70% battery to almost dead in 5 minutes or so. Battery issue The phone is amazingly beautiful . I got two and I'm in love with them. I used Metro Pcs and if works perfect . I have two little issues with them. One is that it was supposed to be 16 GB but when I got it , it was only 11 GB :( that really upset me + I had to waste like 1 GB to update the phone . The other thing I don't like is that if the phone is at 100% I , it dies in 5 hours. 20% only lasts 1 hour . That sucks for me. I've been working with this phone for 2 or 3 weeks and it's perfectly fine besides those 2 issues. Other then that I love it ! The volume button did not work, phone kept going off at random times, at random volume levels. Returned the item and have been trying to get a refund, but it's taking FOREVER for them to "process" the paperwork. Not happy, just passed warranty period and it isn't holding a charge Thank you !!Works perfectly and New condition.Fast shipping Don't get it Bought it for my 13 year old granddaughter and it works great and she loves it!! It works like a charm, my only gripe is just a minor thing. When I change it between silent and the ringer the switch can be a bit fidgety. Great phone, no problems with it I wasn't informed that the phone was from another country. The shutter noise is impossible to get rid of unless I jail break it. So no I'm not satisfied with the phone. It stopped working ....never got to use it Great product. Does exactly what I need it to do and has plenty of storage space. I love it, been waiting to be apart of team iPhone like my fianc for some time and it surprised me by arriving early.  I was super happy! Still to this day it works perfectly fine. My phone looks and works like new. Very good phone I like it It s an used ,old phone . As an Apple user for over a decade, I'm terribly disappointed at this phone.For starters, the battery is dysfunctional and empties in a few hours, then goes from 1% straight to 35% as soon as I plug it in the charger. The phone also often shuts down on its own when the battery is 20%. Moreover, the phone is slow which makes the user experience terrible. Applications hang and touch sometimes doesn't work on screen. Fingerprint unlock is also slow. This is no where near an apple phone. Very disappointing! It works fine and it was in good condition when I took it out the box. But there's one thing I'm not so satisfied about. It's just that every time I take a picture the "Sound" always goes off and I can't turn it off smh. But other than that I like it. battery issue! the phone shutdowns automatically with 20% left of charge. I claimed for a refund but they denied it. Very bad seller, worse product I got my phone today and at first I noticed that the screen had been replaced and whoever replaced the screen did not line it up correctly and there is adhesive over the ear speaker and almost covered the front mount camera. And the volume but does not work. Customer service was not helpful at all about getting me replacement and suggested that I just buy the other one that they had available. I would not recommend buying a phone through this company Best Buy offers used and refurbished phones go there first. Very happy with this product The phone never picked the signal Awesome phone! worked fine for two months, then it stopped getting signal, called amazon support they told me phone its defective, so if you buy this phone consider getting the extra replacement warranty that cost like 70 bucks, otherwise you risk getting stuck with a defective phone after the first 30 days It took forever to come but I had absolutely no problem with my phone. It was activated through MetroPcs with no problem. It took 5 minutes to activate. Phone looks brand new and everything works properly. I purchased this a little over a month ago. Excellent phone it works great. No problem install with the local phone carrier Great phone No issues Love it! Excelent product and quickly shipping YES MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT Perfect Wifi is not working correctly. I am very dissatisfied with this product and the sellers responsiveness to the request for support. I have called 4 times, they returned 1 call with a voicemail.....I do NOT recommend! I like the iPhone 6! (: I returned this item. Great phone I bought the phone through the seller BREED. I am satisfied with the condition small scratches but otherwise phone was in perfect condition. Do not use the charger that comes with the phone! The charger worked for one day then appeared to be charging the next day but drained my battery instead. I went and purchased an Apple charger and had no more charging issues. The touch screen acts up from time to time. Not really sure what the issue is(to fix I press the side off key then the home button sometimes a few times and it works again). That is why only a 4 star rating. When I inquired with T-Mobile about why my NEW phones reception was worse than my old iPhone 5, the technician told me that this phone was not meant for TMobile. So it would not reach certain towers. I am very disappointed to hear that and wish I would've been informed of that information before I purchased this phone. Pefect!!! bought if to use if with Metro PCS, worked perfectly! just as expected thanks! Mines came in great condition no scrapes, scratches, or cracks and came with a charger the only down part is you need a sim card. The iPhone I bought had a loose wifi antenna to it. Straight garbage and such an inconvenience. Certified refurbished? More like certified trash. Came in great condition, I had to buy a new battery because it wouldn't hold a charge but that has been the only problem so far! Very happy with this purchase. Delivery was fast as promised. So far, the product works great. Good smart phone.I've had this phone for about a month all was good then my signal went out and where it used to show my signal bars got replaced by "no service" or "searching..." excellent condition, would recommend. I got this phone for my daughter. she loves it and she has had no problems! Glad I made the choice to get a refurbished phone I love my phone & the price was more than worth it! Excellent phone looks new but battery dies randomly phone will say 100% and it dies. Also seem to have minor glitches with screen jumping then getting stuck with half the screen black until its turned off and back on. Great phone. Arrived quickly and we've been very happy with it. Turns out it isn't receiving the wifi networks constantly. Excellent IPhone in great condition and works well. Just got my phone last night. Looks brand new. Works great. No complaints. I have Walmart family mobile and I was concerned it wouldn't work ( also saw some bad reviews) but I popped my SIM card in and works perfectly. Phone came looking brand new but had some battery problems so I returned it everything was just as it should have been. very happy with it. My son has been asking for an IPhone for years. Finally bought him one. He loves it. battery life is very bad and not charging this phone not buy this iPhone This iPhone 6 is everything and then some. Coming from android to iPhone, why did I wait so long. I just love this fun for everything it does. It is very easy and smooth to use. Just tap on the icon and it opens within seconds. Love It. I don't write reviews very often but I must say I was very impressed with this purchase! And so was my son the phone was for him and so far so good! I was scared due to the old reviews, my phone came super new, and working perfectly. good Totally recommended. It's working great !! In perfect condition. Only complaint was that the cords they sent with the phone didn't work - but I had an iPhone charger already, so I wasn't concerned. I felt like I was taking a risk ordering this product, and was so so relieved when it arrived and worked perfectly! Gave it as a gift, never seen someone so happy! :) I got it in the mail quick, I opened it and the phone seemed perfectly fine it works great for a couple days then my texts wouldn't be sending or I'd receive texts and all notifications minutes to hours late, the battery dies super fast, lots of glitches, it's very slow at times, over heats fast, DOES NOT VIBRATE and I ordered the gold but I ended up getting the rose gold for some reason but I'm not complaining about that. I went to apple and they said the screen and hardware is most likely FAKE! Hence why my phones having problems... Phone is working perfectly The phone came in good condition and worked right away when I inserted my sim card I love the phone. It arrived on time and works well. battery dies quickly It was great didnt have any issues Great deal ! Phone in excellent cosmetic condition ! charger is not original else , nice product . I paid $333 for a defective product. Touchscreen does not work properly and it will start calling people on FaceTime by itself!!! I am not a satisfied customer at all!!!! The phone works perfectly, do not let the bad reviews change your mind, the battery is good, the SIM card connect, the audio is perfect, barely any wear on it, the shutter sound can be turned off, the screen works EVERYRHING WORKS PERFECTLY, I am so happy I went with the order. The phone itself looked new and for the most part, worked well ... however there did seem to be one defect. The camera clicker was impossible to shut off. Even when the phone was switched on silent, if a picture was taken, the camera sound would click. It was a small issue, however one big enough for me to send the phone back. It was a pain not being able to take any photos without everyone around me hearing the fact that I was taking a picture. Poor Phone , glitches in the phone started after a month , it is not working properly ,at times automatically call gets disconnect DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. IT IS A KNOCK OFF THE CAMERA QUALITY IS DIRT POOR AND THE BATTERY RUNS DOWN TO 0% IN 4 HOURS. I CAN'T BELIEVE I PAID SO MUCH MONEY AND GOT SCAMMED Works fine, but a little bit slow for a new phone. This product arrived on time & in good packaging! But one thing that is a total deal breaker for me is that there is no easy way to turn off the camera shutter sound. It doesn't work with turning your volume off. if your ok with your camera making a loud shutter sound every single time you take a picture for the whole time you have this phone than its good for you but if you take slot of pictures than I'm assuming the noise will end up annoying you. Good product but has the one thing that would make me return. The battery on this phone dose not last more than a day . Excelente producto I love my iPhone 6 yes they came unlock Great love it. It came right on time. The IPhone 6 was good except for I can't turn off the sound when I take pictures! The bottom of the screen was lifting off the phone Phone has battery shortage. It worked for a week, it shuts off when it wants too I listen to music and the phone advances the songs, and the worse thing is that already wants to load and I am just going to fulfill the 3 months with the I bought this item as Apple certified but it came defective, I had to go to all the returning process Waited almost a full week for the phone to get here but when I took it in to my phone carrier. The phone would not activate. They tried two different SIM cards and it would not activate for either of them. After seeing ~50% 5-star reviews and ~30% 1-star reviews, I decided to gamble on it. And I got unlucky. The seller, Vius, shipped the phone promptly, and at first glance, it looked good. Then I realized: - it had a number of dents and scratches, including one big one I could see from an arm's length. That alone violated what Amazon's "Certified Refurbished" guaranteed ("no visible cosmetic imperfections when held 12 inches away"). I don't know how Vius missed this. - the sockets (charging port, SIM card slot, earphone jack, even the speaker holes) had a lot of dirt in them. I found out when I couldn't properly fit the charging plug in. I've owned an iPhone 5 for almost four years, and I've never gotten my ports this clogged up... Well, I'm not too picky about that, actually. So I cleaned out all the ports and got down to checking the phone. My carrier could be detected (3G, calls, and SMS), memory indeed was 128Gb, camera and audio were working, and the display was great. Then I realized the battery was draining extremely quickly despite an initial 6-hour charge. After fully charging it twice more, I couldn't get it to last more than 6 hours. It would reach around 50% and then suddenly die. When opening the Settings > Battery portion, there was a notice that I needed to have the battery serviced. Granted, other sellers might give a better phone than what I got, so check the actual seller out before buying. I rated Vius with two stars because at least they delivered what I ordered on time and not some empty box. But in terms of the actual product, its good-as-dead battery makes it useless to me despite everything else working. What a shame. Phone works perfectly fine but when I take a picture and the phone is on silent it still has the click sound you would get if your phone wasn't on silent, and the phone doesn't vibrate The phone is great, I just wish there was a was to turn off the loud shutter sound when taking pictures. ITS SO ANNOYINGLY LOUD! I tried putting the volume all the down and using the button of the left side to mute the sound. Apparently, there's no way to mute it. Otherwise, it's a good phone. The phones switches off without me doing it and the screen occasionally get darks especially whenever i am outdoors. Had to return it The phone came and was in perfect condition along with the other one that I purchased. One of them took the T-Mobile Sim card perfectly and the other continued to say searching and eventually said no service . I'm ordering a second one now after being refunded for the first one and I'm hoping that it will be T mobile compatible as advertised. Overall the only reason this product didn't get the full five stars was that one of the two iPhones did not work when I put the SIM card in. Fast shipping & good quality otherwise. It didn't meet my expectations because I couldn't access the Amazon flex I downloaded on my iPhone 6. It's says the apps is not from a trusted source. Thank u my new phone works great Haven't had any issue for over 3 months. Good value and easy linked to t-mobile Received it fast !great product!! Worth the money Clean good condition. The phone did not work at all! The apple store checked it and found out, that the mainboard has a unfixable mistake! Main mistake no 9 No ear phones and charger was not original so far so good Works great came in a little bent but no biggie The product which I got is just look like brand new Perfect phone not original storage box but they toll you that on the description The IPhone Batery was dead, sometimes doesent recognize the sim making the Phone uneusefull. Very disapointed My son loves it so far.... Phone came as described, and work as i expected, no problem with this unit. Looks like new and functions like new. Bought for my fiance as he broke his phone. Great value and works like new. Couldn't be happier! Working beautifully! This phone was exactly as advertised, I would trust this company again! The phone is fine, but the SIM card plate is defective. Every once in a while the SIM keeps coming out of place and when it does that my phone begins to search for network and it takes up to 24 hours to find a network back which is very inconvenient . Is there anyway that I can get my I SIM card plate repair ?? Phone did not work. The home button would cause the phone to freeze. If not frozen the touch screen would not work. Would not make outgoing calls. Incoming calls would not ring but would show a return to call notification that you could not get to. Thankfully my local store/carrier where I was getting it activated was kind and patient enough to check and work with me before I left the store with a broke phone! Not unlocked as advertised. Fast delivery and great item! Thank you! After about a month, everything is still working perfectly. Great product for the price, the phone was flawless. The iPhone looked and felt brand new. The phone is great but beware you could get a Japanese phone that won't let you take pictures silently. Was extremely annoyed by this. The battery was the first to go out less than a month with the product. Two months after the product the screen started flickering for no apparent reason, and now the power button isn't working. When reaching out to Techarvard the reseller and asking for advice or a refund the response was simply, No. This was the total sum of the advice. It was a risk buying from an unknown reseller, but took the chance and would not make the mistake again even though we were told it was certified and like new, it really isn't. Perfect gift for my husband!!! Phone is good minus one minor problem the charging port doesn't always work. I love my new phone, absolutely no issues at all Battery always empty Came on time great product and great price thank you Amazon Received the phone Dec. 9, of course now that all chance of getting refund or fixed it is not working. Bad luck I guess. the product was mentioned certified refurbished but the battery was dying and iphone 6 was getting switched off for every 2 to 3 hrs i really hate it My daughter is really happy with this product. Works really well. Works perfectly It was a perfect phone Perfect. Only a small scratch close to where we put the charger The battery keeps dieing on me even when it changed more the 40% and some time even 70% over then that I like the phone It cuts on and works. It arrived on time however it cuts off randomly and the phone barely holds a charge. In the settings it says the battery needs to be replaced. I would like to return and get a replacement if possible. I tried to call your customer service number. Great product! Phone was in ok condition but something is wrong with hardware cannot FaceTime or I message The battery is defective. The phone shuts off due to battery failure even when it still has 50% charge. disappointed.The charger and the cable I received are not apple originals. I also did not receive the headset that came with the device. This product is good for only a few months then the battery starts acting glitchy and it REALLY ANNOYING!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!! Dont make the mistake I did by spending $378 for a phone that is going to mess up later This phone is on the black list !!!!!! About 1 week after I received my purchase the phone started acting strange, glitching and making it unable to use. I can't say exactly what the problem is but I will be sending it back as it has become unusable. Battery doesn not work properly I would like a refund this phone cuts off and won't turn back on unless I put it on the charger and it does it all day long Just what I needed at a fair price! Phone works perfectly , would buy again . Currently using it to write this review ! One problem , Came fully dead. Otherwise it was perfect. Very happy got my phone I was a little worried because the bad reviews but just make sure who is selling the phone got good ratings and partner with amazon Awesome perfect thank you The phone came and works amazing. Unlocked like I needed and has no cosmetic issues. The only complaint is that it is international so the shutter sound does not turn off. As it is illegal in some countries not to have it. So now I'm stuck with that sound forever. Ordered TWO phones. BOTH had to be returned. the iphone doesnt have signal, we cant use it. The screen keep frozen The phone was not working when I got it. It did not even turn on. Apple Store assistant could not help me. So I went to the local phone repair shop and they fixed it for 50$, telling me they had to switch the battery. Other than that, all applications work and phone was in a good almost new condition. Hello I was just thinking why the box is open and the phone luck different I'm very happy with my new-used iPhone 6. They refurbished great; no problems. Brilliant buy. i will never buy another new phone. Much better to buy a recon phone. Exactly as advertised. Had no issues. The phone look like new great condition but it has a small scratch at the Lightning cable... i actvate at metro pcs.. In one of them I have a problem with battery. It has little useful battery The average rating for these referbiished iPhone 6's isn't so great but I went for it anyway as i needed a travel phone and didn't want to take my iPhone 6 Plus. The phone from an experienced dealer came well packaged and works and looks great. I'm glad I got it. People have said this iPhone was bad and that there was play dough and no phone in it but it was in very good shape and is very nice today the only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is because there isn't a charger or earpods , but other than that it was very good!! Don't stress over the other reviews!! very bad condition , big scratches, bends, don't even bother to buy , i cannot return because is very difficult for me, otherwise directly back! i will add some photos later. 14 year old niece loves this phone Dont waste your time! They sent me a locked phone that I can't even use!!! It literally says unlocked in the description but my phone is VERY LOCKED. I can't get it turned on.. I would never buy a phone from them again. After having the phone for a week it died from not being charged when I tried charging the phone it took 2 hours for the screen to show the charging symbol. Now the screen is black and won't turn on. I took it to the Apple Store/genius store and they said it needed to be replaced. Personally, I prefer Android. But if you are an iphone lover, this amazon certified refurbished's iphone seems as new, and works as new. My daughter is very happy with. I'm very happy with the product Ok My phone was great! Like new hardly used. And so far everything functions perfectly . So happy to have made this purchase! Phone screen doesn't work iPhone simlock, doesn't work with over carriers It's in perfect condition! Was honestly scared because of these far-fetched reviews but came on the correct day and long charger! Definitely worth the money! Battery is damaged , not charging This is a very great product! I would recommend buying this to lots of people. Everything works great including touch ID ,opening apps , and Apple ID And more! Great phone for a good price! Great look. Beyond expertations! It showed weakness in charging in a first 3-4 weeks. After 5-6 weeks followed the instructions of customer's service and it didn't show any progress......Took it to Apple Store and after carefully observation confirmed that the device is chargeable. Thanks a lot guys!!!! I hope and wish, my niece, Alexie would LOVE HER 1st IPHONE!!!! Won't hold a charge at all nice WARNING DO NOT BUY ! I read the reviews and was cautious because of how negative the reviews were but went against my gut feeling and purchased anyways. Phone packing looked good, everything seemed ok then about 2 hrs into using it, plugged it in and the phone would not charge. Tried a few suggestions online and none of them worked. Took it to ATT, they couldn't help, took it to Apple and they told me the previous owner had the same issue and the phone was basically dying. They couldn't help though since it was refurbished. This company prob bought this phone for dirt cheap, did nothing to fix the issue, threw it in a new box and sent it out. Sending back for a refund as we speak. If I could give it a negative star I would. Works and looks like new Great product I ordered this device two weeks ago and couldn't be happier. For my first iPhone it is awesome and I am loving it. Vius provide what they promised. The phone looks like new from the factory and in impeccable condition Although I can tell it's not new, I have had no issues with it in the first 3 months. Looks good physically and definitely an huge improvement performance-wise over the iPhone 4 I had. The best part is not having a big debt to the phone company. I would definitely buy a refurbished phone again. I only returned because I couldn't use it with my carrier. Amazing No complaints or regret There have been moments I've seen the screen go up, down, and back to normal. However, it functions normally as if it's a brand new cell phone! Item was exactly as described and arrived several days early Thank you dealfisher ! The iPhone works ok for most things, but no one can hear me when I get a call or call someone. I'd like a refund, I can't use the phone other then texting Excelente Hello me and my wife bought the phone and the second day of having this phone I had to replace the.battery my self out my pockir I like it Excelent Phone took weeks to deliver and end the end had speaker problems. Had to return. Just want the birthday person wanted! Very good n on time delivery as described Delivered and performed as promised. This phone will only stay charged for couple hours . The charger did not work This was a crappie buy due to the fact the battery is super defective, it will die at any percentage so you must keep a charger at all times and it also freezes sometimes, it died at 10%,20% and even at 51% when I get on snap chat....I would not recommend buying refurbished iPhones, the quality is not very good very nice Super poor product. Phone keeps doing random stuff, opening apps on its own, won't let you listen to music with out pausing it self every 2 seconds I received my phone and right away the screen wasn't working. It's frustrating trying to use it. I regret my purchase and I will return it. No earphones. No original charger. Some scratches. But good in general. Awesome! Like new. Not a scratch on it. Unlocked as promised, and working great!! Sometimes it gets hang! Very problematic phone but returned it no problem The phone is in perfect condition no problems at all everything works perfectly fine no scratches no nothing they really did a good job. I LOVE my phone. It came right on time and you can't tell it was refurbished. I'm glad I switched to team iPhone. And I'm glad I got it for a great price! Nice, just what I ordered, works great! perfect recommended to buy ! The phone cracked a day later and the warrant doesn't cover damages like I thought. Blown Excelent .I have charger problem with the phone Good price. Works great Great 3/15/17--This arrived on time and well packaged. So far this has been in great shape. I purchased for my daughter as a major upgrade. It had only minor scratches on the back,otherwise, it has been a month now and has been working flawlessly. Given some of the reviews of a refurbished phone I am worried that it could stop at any time but it hasn't. So far very pleased. : The phone doesn't work properly. It keeps shutting off and I don't live in the US. So I can't send it back because it will mean too much cost. Exactly as described The price x Benefits are excellent Defective, got to return it and order another! Very Good! Needed a new battery but other than that great phone. great, product as described, no issues not a good phone, lie after lie, refused to work it out. phone die after 2 hours from 100% battery. very slow. One extremely small scratch on the bottom that's almost invisible. Literally the only problem. Obviously don't expect an apple charger or apple head phones but the charger provided works just fine. I've had this phone for about a month now. Love it! I bought from seller Breed that I did research on and they have a 99% rating. I love it the only problem is that it does super quickly and I have to charge it every 4 seconds but I other than that its beautiful and it was worth the price I bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it. similar to her old one and comes with some extra features. she said she was having trouble pairing the blutooth but im not sure if that was a software problem or a her problem Great phone in great condition. Thank yo, you made my daughter very happy. The touch screen didn't work on the phone so it's a paperweight! EXCELENT!!! Ordered This Phone via Amazon.com and my friend got me to India. The moment I switched it on, it didn't work. Sim card is not detecting. I immediately took it to Apple store and they said its out of warranty and cannot be replaced and itseems there is an hardware issue will take another 28000INR to repair. Had a worst experience. looks very nice, camera is great, battery lasts a long time. BUT since I got it a couple days ago, it's started to act like I'm opening apps or typing things when I'm not touching it, and, separately, not responding to the things I am actually trying to do. I took off the protective glass screen cover I've had on it since the beginning to see if that was the problem, but no. It also, every time I unlock it, asks "Do you want to enable automatic downloads on this device" which I don't particularly, but since it didn't give me options other than "yes" or "cancel" and hitting cancel just meant I would gt the same notification again next time I unlocked the phone, I figured I might as well, if only to stop the notification. but it won't let me enable automatic downloads. When I move the slider to yes, it stays there for half a second and then slides back to no. Very frustrating. I will be returning this phone and buying something else. I have received the device without the original iPhone box, and without the original charger and I got (Sharkk charger) instead, and with no headphones!! short after receiving the phone, the touch screen is no longer working. Hope I can have a response from the seller, in order to send it back and get my money back. Returned phone . Phone locked up when attempting to update software. The battery doesn't work properly. 35% of battery and my phone turns off. Plus the button doesn't work for silent function works great my daughter love the phones Only had for barely 2 days and the battery still does not stay full charge. Can I be sent a replacement battery? PLEASE and thank you Sound didn't work had to sent back and get money don't buy this product The phone was in great condition, but I'm disappointed with the fact that the phone I received is a model that was supposed to be sold in JP/Korea and it does not allow you to mute the camera shutter sound. I-phone came very fast but the battery is not good and i-phone stops working reaches 48% of the battery Ayn know that there is responsibility I will give the i-phone testing lab and replace the battery the handset didnt work ,,,, its means I spend 344 for play games,... The audio option does not function properly when you receive a call. This is the 2nd time I order to the same certify distributed on amazon and I always have an issue with phone. The 1st time, the touch screen was broke. I would not recommend a friend or a customer to this site. I also look forward to get my problem solve... One day of use and the screen cracked .. didn't drop , had a case and screen protector ..disappointed For a refurbished unit it is awesome It works like a charm and my wife likes it. The phone was delivered earlier than expected. I highly recommends this seller and the product. I am actually considering to buy another. Thanks for the quality of your service. Came with all screen scratched, i regret buy it. I am enjoying the phone. It has a great picture quality. Still learning some things but just as good as any other phone I've owned. I was a little skeptical with all the reviews and empty shipment pictures but i really needed a phone so I said what the hell. The phone is literally brand new you barely notice anything. Works with any carrier sim including Sprint and AT&T, camera, speakers and screen all good. I'm still testing the battery but Iphone 6 batteries aren't good make sure you have an apple charger. I'm only giving it a 4 because i would've liked for it to come with accessories but do not hesitate it's exactly what you paid for. Real review not generated BS. Great product so far. Works great. No problems with using this phone at all. Holds a charge nice too. Love having a reliable phone that did not cost a fortune! Battery will not hold a charge Excellent! Camera is bad. I was hesitant at first because of some of the reviews, but the phone felt and looked brand new when I received it. There were no scratches and it works great. It also connected easily with metro pcs. Had more minor scratches than I cared for and the battery would drop to 3% or 4% randomly. but as soon as I plugged it in it was back up to normal charge :l I bought this phone for my son. He was going on vacation. The phone started giving him problems battery dying fast and turning on and off. After 4 days of use Lost all his information and data. Could not communcate with me. So disappointed. Don't buy it. I like this phone Very bad audio, can bearly hear any thing, while on speaker audio is very choppy. Won't recommend to buy. I brought this phone Thursday and nobody can hear me on it unless I have it on speaker phone or with my Bluetooth headset on not cool at all I never give anything 5 stars but I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. Fantastic condition, great quality, classic apple device for half the price,very pleased phone is bent vertically and also volume down button not working The iPhone 6 met my expectations. It was delivered on all accessories were in the package and I am please some what performs. The problem I am having is with the internal phone speaker. I am experiencing extreme difficulty with hearing phone conversations unless they are on speaker  or  earphones. I don't know what happened! This was not unlocked for use with an AT&T account as advertised. Order this phone for my 16 year old and she loves it. It has some minor scratches on it but it was still just like brand new and very easy to set up. The phone arrived 2 days early which is also a plus. The phone has a problem with battery. As advertised works very good no marks Phone it's not good when turn off the vibrate button still ring when incoming call It's really good. I love it I just received the phone for my son looks like new and so far functioning like new Using with Cricket Wireless pop the sim card service came right up. no complaints !! My phone doesn't charge properly don't know what the problem is, can someone help me. Not happy with the function of phone. It is not working properly Perfect product! I did not like this purchasing experience. It not only took way longer than what it was supposed to (10days) for me to be able to get it; but it also looked dirty and with some type of glue/sticky thing on the screen and in the back, which made it look terrible as the first impression once the box was open. I dont even know if it works fine or not because I didn't even feel like trying after waiting for so long and seeing it like that once I got it. Excellent condition !!! Fantastic my daughter loves it. Works great and looks new. Loved it!!!!! Really took a chance on this phone and it was perfect No issues love it. Excelent phone, it has two small stripes on one side, but it works perfectly. Very good Phone looks great operates great however the battery is EXTREMELY weak. I have to charge it an average of 3 times a day. On time and carefully boxed! Thanks THEY'RE AVOIDING GIVING ME BACK MY FUNDS. I am so glad that I purchased this phone!! I purchased the phone first before reading all of the negative reviews, and after I read the reviews I was so scared that I was going to waste my money on something that was not going to work. Well to my surprise I got a brand spanking new looking phone no scratches no kinks no dents Beautiful screen absolutely like brand-new. Are used MetroPCS all I had to do was change my Sim card in the phone was up and running in less than 15 minutes. Best purchase I have ever made and if I ever need another one I will absolutely come to this company. Don't go by the negative reviews you never know! I rate it A. PS I wanted to use the phone for at least a week before leaving to review it has been almost 2 weeks and the phone works to absolute perfection The phone I ordered was supposed to be unlocked. I tried with several phone providers to get it up and running and it was not unlocked. It is only available to Sprint and Sprint does not have coverage in my area. Like new.Phone would not connect to wifi. Could not talk to anyone with them sounding muffled with static. Contacted Apple Support with no solution. Contacted seller and they did offered to send a different one, after defective phone is received ... meanwhile I will be without a phone for who knows how long. Works great!! i was not able to use this phone i had to send it back because it was still attached to a locked account i will not be purchase a phone thought here again It's horrible we have bought the new iPhone, but we received the phone in opened box without original box, without any documents and no pasport, we didn't get the headphones also. We are not sure that this is an iPhone, but we are pretty sure that it is not new. it was not a good phone. Battery went dead quick Device was blacklisted so I was not able to connect with any carrier. Do not trust this seller. DO NOT BUY It's working great. The only problem I found this phone doesn't work with metro Pcs Same as new.. but battery dies to fast :( Good Product My phone arrived I the amount of time it was suppose to. Transferring my service to the phone was easy. Wonderful product Top equipament. It has a quick OS and great ruge inside memory. As expected! Phone doesn't even turn on or charge....highly upset because I was looking forward to switching over to team Iphone Excellent So far I have not had any issues with the phone, it was clean and looks like a brand new phone. I am very glad that I didn't purchase a brand new phone for twice the money, this was well worth the money. The only thing I don't like is that when setting up the phone I did the software updated and I don't like some of the features of the update. You may want to bypass the software updates. Worst product ever, keeps restarting, extremely bad battery. Don't waste your money on this refurbished product. It was nice, it was just the wrong one, I wanted the 6+. Getting no service again and again... Same sim working fine in other cell phone the camera shutter will not mute when switched to silent and it always shutters at the loudest volume, ridiculous! Will probably return because they should disclose this feature, which is made for Japan etc and can be very much obnoxious, scaring the cat and waking up the dog next door by snapping a photo I was really skeptical because of all the different reviews, but I was in desperate need of a phone so I ordered it anyways. I just got it today and it works great. Popped in my SIM card and it automatically connected to my service, was able to download all of my apps and log in to everything. Makes calls and sends texts. Camera works great. No scratches or dents on the phone itself. It looks like a brand new phone. Very happy with my purchase! Many features are now not working. I plan to call to get this repaired or replaced. Great Seller Reasonable Price Fast Shipping Thanks All right Excellent buy no conplaints, just like new!! Works great I've had the phone for a few days now and everything seems fine, works perfectly as far as I've seen :) Excelent product Excellent condition Everything as agreed. All perfect Not happy with product or shipping. Loved it! I bought this iPhone 6 for my son as a replacement for his old iPhone 5s that he went in the pool with. Item was as described. Came with a shaark cable and charger that work perfectly with the device. Device looked and worked like new. If I didn't know it was a refurbished phone I would have no idea that it was. I activated it with AT&T in less than 10 minutes with no issues. If you read the description and make sure that it works with you carrier, and what is expected in the box, you know what you're getting. I got exactly what I expected and and extremely pleased with my purchase. We have called the seller twice with no response. Phone battery is completely unpredictable. It will go from 100% to 70% in ten minutes, without being in use; other times it goes to 0% after only a couple of hours. Restore does not change anything, no apps running the the background. Why no call back? Got my phone a couple days ago and have had no problems! No scratches and everything works great with it! phone does not charge and can not use USB cord without being charge cube ex: cant connect to iTunes from computer or charge on computer. good Sent me a iphone that didnt turn on at all. Phone looks brand new! No dents, scratches, or irregularities. Would of been nice if it would of been at least half way charged but it was completely dead. Other than that the device is great! Excellent! Returned this phone once - bought again and returned the second one. Will not be buying a third from this seller. 1st phone - came in good packaging with a very cheap charger. The body of the phone had deep gray scratches in it, which I could deal with. However, then I noticed the camera wouldn't focus. Upon further inspection I found there was a dead pixel AND what looked to be a hair trapped in the lens. Deal breaker - returned it and was refunded without hassle. 2nd phone - thought maybe I had just gotten a bad phone with the first and tried again. Second was in much better condition with an apple brand charger - no scratches or camera issue. Then I found I couldn't mute the shutter sound when taking a photo. After troubleshooting I realized this camera must have been refurbished from another country like Japan where it is illegal to silence the camera noise. Only way to get rid of this is to do some next-level hacking, which is out of my skill range and technically illegal. This foreign refurbishment was NOT disclosed and is also a deal breaker. Returning this phone and will hopefully have no issues.. Defective screen N.C. Locked It's a really good phone!!!! iPhone came even better than described. I am very happy with my purchase! The phone looks and work like new ,just a little scratch in the bottom but nothing to care about that phone was a waste of time only had it for a week perfect phone. only glitch was a Verizon sticker and SN on the phone, which was sold as ATT/GSM. The sticker was wrong, I was relieved. good No good Do of phone went out in 2 months. No warranty. This stinks. Hey, so I usually don't write reviews but I thought that I should since this a big purse. The phone came in pretty good condition. The camera works fine. Just be aware of the battery. If you live in a state with cold weather , the phone instantly dies, and turn back on when you're in a warm place. Pretty good purchase overall, just be aware that you might have to change the battery. Everything works on the phone besides the speaker when I talk people can't hear me and I would like some of my money back for a defective phone. like new, even nicer than I expected. good condition, one tiny nipit at the top corner it doesnt matter cuz the phone works perfectly fine so far The battery is junk and phone turns off constantly;( Phone came in perfect condition and i was so excited after seeing all of the bad reviews. The only thing i didnt like was that the phone came with a generic charger and no earphones Still new but seems to be great meets all my needs and was in perfect condition I ordered an iPhone 6 and received an iPhone 5. Not very happy considering I'm a first time iPhone user. I brought this phone for my younger brother, everything was fine until I took the phone to the cell phone carrier, they told me who ever had the phone before had bill they still haven't paid off from T-Mobile so they can't turn the phone on iPhone worked mostly as intended. Unfortunately, it appears it may have been a Japanese iPhone, as the camera shutter sound cannot be disabled even when the phone is on silent. order 2 and the screen of one of them does not work, sent as a present to my niece in Brazil, and she cannot use it. Once I received the phone I never worked, I contacted the seller and exchanged emails on this he asked me to do several tests, take him to an authorized center apple and at the end he tells me that the phone does not work and that it is my problem that I have to take him to repair , After being 7 days exchanging emails this seller answers this, the service is very bad. bad buy. The speed of the phone, camera, condition etc. is next to new quality. What knocks it down is the area of the phone where the "T" key is located on the keyboard is extremely unresponsive. Nearly every time I try to type a "T" it types a "R" or a "Y" instead and needless to say it has become very frustrating. Like, extremely frustrating to the point where I avoid words with "T's" in them. It was perfect. Thank you great phone good price Looks and works like new! This phone has no scratches what so ever. There is a tiny dent by the volume buttons but other than that, it looks and runs like a brand new iphone! I recommend this for sure! Great phone It came quickly and works great. It doesn't even have any visible signs of wear and tear. The IPhone was really easy to connect to my T-Mobile line and works pretty well I started looking for an IPhone 6 a few weeks ago,ran across this " refurbished " ad and the price is very attractive, start reading reviews and...... it looks a little risky. The positive reviews I've seen almost look staged.... so I put it off. I finally after a couple more weeks and not finding anything else that came close to $352 for an iPhone 6 gold 128gb said well it's on Prime and it's guaranteed satisfaction... soon risk. I bought 2 of them , both are amazing, no scratches no marks, no missing phone on delivery, no bait and switch , just exactly what I ordered. Both phones have new batteries and are in "new" condition I have had my phone for about a month I took it off the charger at 4am and it is now 9:25pm and I'm still at 40% ..... don't be a skeptic..... this is one hell of a deal and well worth the money So terrible experience ! Front camera don't work Great This phone is very good & everyone should buy it. any bad reviews is a lie Tried to activate the phone, and it came back as stolen. I'm returning the phone. Got the phone it was it good condition but it wouldn't charge out all so the anticipation wasnt worth it send it back still waiting on a refund I usually absolutely love Apple products. This one I do not though. The microphone on it has terrible quality. When you put the phone on silent, it does not completely silence the phone. The phone will be sitting on the table not being touched and then it's like someone is messing with the volume buttons. It just has many glitches. Update: The seller you purchase this from makes a huge difference! My original review is below for the first device i purchased. It came with a 30 day return policy. I wish Amazon separated devices to be sold my seller so the review would be true to the actual product and seller. The second device was from Chubbiestech. Amazing! Packaging was professional looking and the phone looked brand new. It charged up wonderfully and the battery is fantastic so far. It came with a 90 day warranty through Amazon and he seller which is awesome as well. So glad I took another chance and bought from this seller. I highly recommend them if you do decide to buy this refurb. It's a bonus that it's an actual "Amazon certified refurbished" product. I gave two stars because the return process was awesome. I received the product as a gift for my mother. When I opened the box a generic cord and cube were available as described. The phone looked amazing, no scratches dents, or dust. No signs of wear at all. The phone arrived complelty dead. Took an entire 12 hours on a genuine apple cord, which I own, until it finally turned on. Set up was easy and wifi worked great. The battery seemed to be lacking from the beginning. I have purchased a refurbished phone before and it lasted years with no issues. This phone would not hold a charge, would go from 0% to 40% quickly then die as soon as you unplugged it. After two weeks it finally could no longer be unplugged if you wanted to receive calls or texts because it would go from 100% charge to off. I tried resetting the phone, complelty erasing everything, nothing worked. At the end of the return period I finally was able to get it back from my mom so we could send it. For the cost of the phone I expected so much more. I am thankful I purchased through Amazon because the returns are always hassle free. I suggest looking inotnseler information before purchasing. Phone doesn't hold a charge. I unplug it in the morning and in less then 10 minutes its already lost 20% of its charge. When not in use all day it will die in a matter of hours. Have emailed for a refund and I am waiting for a response. Only have had the phone for a month and a half. Waste of money. Phone works perfect. My son was pleased, it took little to know activation to start working DOES NOT TAKE A CHARGE. REAL BIG HEADACHE FOR ME. PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK! This is a great phone aside for the fact i have had it for less than 24 hours and the phone can't hold a charge after speaking with apple support i now have to go into the apple store a get the battery replaced for $80! Yeah $80 isn't a lot but the fact that in the description the phone was listed as "like new" to me that should mean that the battery is fully functioning! So now i have to go shell out more money for the battery to be replaced yeah not happy will not order from this dealer again! Completely unsatisfied with this phone. I have sent the phone to India, when I am doing Vedio call to the phone which switching off in middle of the call even though battery has 75% of charging. I cant use this phone, it didnt recognize my sim card, i have Personal gsm from Argentina. It is not UNLOCKED, now i want a full refund of my money or a free sending of another iphone 6, this cant be happening! It didn't have ear phones and the cord and charger were not original, apart form that is like a new one Great Buy !!! Delivered as expected and phone works fine. The item it was almost new no scratch or anything.Thanks With my iPhone 6 that I just got 2/28/16 apparently was from Japan because I can't shut my shutter sound off what so ever. I'm very angry about this Phone was in mint condition arrived 24 hrs sooner then expected BUT the battery dies way too fast for my liking. Probably around 3 hrs constant use . I'm going to call customer service tomorrow . Also didn't come with the pin needed to open SIM card slot , but overall amazing condition for a refurbished phone . So far everything is working nicely . I'm not entirely convinced it was worth the price with import fees , but time will tell . Amazing I mean I got the phone n it's in good condition. I looked at the other reviews n saw bad stuff but I just had faith because this isn't small money soo. Battery was bad The seller told me that the phone includes boxes and accessories, I just received the phone Great price, speedy delivery, Thank you It arrived as described. The iPhone is sometimes laggy though. The phone was in good conditions. I already set up my account with an international chip and everything worked perfect. So far its working GREAT!!! Fantastic Phone Looks And Works Like BrandNew ... I was nervous about getting a iPhone online and spent days researching and looking at reviews. I am so pleased! The item I got is refurbished but it looks and works like new! I have none of the issues that other reviews mentioned. No scuffs or cracks. It came as described and fast. The battery is fine. And it looks and works like new. Would 100% suggest this seller and item! I ordered this phone and was really excited to get it, however, when I received it, it did not work. I tried to charge it and it would just not turn on. I was not happy, however, they did give me my refund. PIECE OF TRASH After using 2 new SIM cards it still does not stay connected to the AT&T network. And this was certified refurbished? Are you kidding me! Here comes your ZERO star review! Battery life is extremely short and the phone freezes up a lot. No problems. Looks new. Battery seems to last just fine. My wife loves her new phone. Came in perfect condition, the only thing is is that she needed a SIM card before she could activate the phone (mine didn't but we bought from two different sellers). Came quickly and well packaged. everything is as described and is working well.Apple iPhone 6 64GB Unlocked Smartphone - Gold (Certified Refurbished) Phone is great, but the battery doesn't hold its charge for very long so I had to buy a replacement battery. Very happy I bought this its is like new and works great. I bought this phone for a friend, the product description explained that there may be minor wear and tear on the phone, and there was only one insignificant scratch on the back of the phone. It worked with the carrier that we use which is straight talk, and we didn't have any problems activating the phone. I am completely satisfied with the quality of the phone and how easy it was to set it up. It also came with a charger which was a plus. The phone was a great deal for the price. Bought the phone. Shut off on me after a week and had to replace the battery. 80 dollars btw. Phone has been have a few little quirky issues but it is refurbished and none unbearable so I guess its ok. Shipped me a phone made for Japan, so silent was disabled for the camera. I had to return the product. So far so good. Looks brand new and acts brand new. Great buy Wonderful phone- it's the perfect size for my hand, I love it! Wonderful product! Fast shipping will impressed me a lot! Product looks like new! Everything work great! Thank Was like new,excellent condition! Have had no problems with it,love this phone! Long lasting battery ,so happy with this iPhone and service,highly recommend! The phone works perfectly. It arrives in very good conditions. Bought this for my daughters birthday, screen doesnt work, everyones really bummed, waste of money and time. really disappointed. Screen just doesnt work. This phone works beautifully. Came looking brand new. Very happy with this purchase. Great! That's it The phone looks like new and it is working good So far it's been great So far the phone is amazing. It's practically brand. It's gorgeous and didn't have any scratches or defects. The phone was also unlocked. I would recommend buying from this vendor. Verified Purchase, Size: Size: 16 GB|Color: Space Gray, Review Never ordered this phone phone never held a charge and still have not received my money back Item arrived in good conditions; with minor scratches due to wear. But functions really well as new. This is my do everything device. I feel list when I accidentally forget it at home. I will certainly consider another unlocked phone when I am in the market for an upgrade Totally satisfied. Exactly what I wanted. Thank you. As telphone is good but Haven't box original cable charges and charger The display is damage in the middle and in the top (you can't use some letter's neither play or doing anything awful!) also it came with out box. 2 units with problem I am shipping one of them to replace it. The battery died very fast wouldn't recommended The return window expired February 15. In February 23: After a month of use the screen is starting to come off causing usage errors. Also the battery is almost dying after 20 minutes. It suppose to be Certified Guarantee. Nevertheless, they show great customer service and refund the money asap the item was returned. Thank you Its not on my porch The worst piece I ever bought; it doesn't even get to internet. What a nightmare I am so frustrated with my phone. I can't get any sound to play when I record video. Just static. With a newborn baby, recording special moments just became impossible. So sad and irritated. Great product. Was not going to buy because of the reviews, but I gambled it and got what I wanted Phone would freeze a lot I couldn't even answer my call's Product came as expected. Had some bumps on the edge but it works fine. Battery does not even last for 10 min, what does mean certified refurbished So Far satisfied. This phone worked fine up until a couple of weeks ago where the battery started dying after an hours use after I fully charged it. I was told I had 3 months return if it wasn't working properly, but now they are saying I don't. Very disappointing! I'll have to constantly walk around with a charger in my pocked Phone works great. Don't have any technical issues, I thought it would arrive in a box but the phone and charger was just protected by bubble wrap. Charger stopped working after a couple weeks It came brand new it's amazing. I bought this phone but it doesn't fully function. Phone`s battery doesn't properly work and it constantly needs to be plugged in. If not it dies during the day, even with more than "60%" battery life, I am never safe from it dying at any moment and dies when I am driving, running errands, anywhere away from a wall outlet. They should not be selling phones that they haven`t tested and can survive day to day. If i sold stuff i would make sure it functioned before selling it. But the physical aspect of the phone is in good condition. Zero stars. Phone was locked. Didtn get help from seller. Item was advertised as unlocked. Wasn't. Horrible experience Great phone! so many negative reviews idk why the best 289 I ever spent The whole process was way better than I expected, I received the iPhone and it looked great and worked great as well, it's been a month since I got the phone and I haven't had a problem with it! I was really worried about ordering a refurb after reading some of these reviews, but decided to take the risk anyways. Phone looks like new. Only issue is I think the screen may be loose because the vibration sound is not normal....also the brightness adjusts randomly which makes me think there's something wrong with the light sensor. Not huge issues and not worth the hassle of trying to return. Guess I will just have to deal with them. Good: The phone looked brand new and everything worked perfectly fine. Bad: I bought this phone so i can use it with metropcs and when i got the phone on the back there was a little sticker that said Verizon 64GB IPhone. I can not use a Verizon phone on metropcs. On the description of this post it says Unlocked with any GSM services. Therefore i had to return it a couple days later. My wife loves her iPhone, and I saved big. Thanks Looks like a new iPhone incredible ! Besides 3 small scratches, phone is In awesome condition, it's feels brand new and works perfect ! the round button on the bottom didnt work well. I was leaving for Europe the next day so I couldn't send it back. The battery does not work, is charged and is immediately in 30% and stops working in minutes I bought this phone for my wife. The refurbished phone looked like new. The battery was good. My wife really liked it. However, the touch screen would sporadically stop being responsive at times throughout the day. Sometimes it would work fine all day, then act up again. I heard that the iPhone 6 has a history of touch screen problems like this. I sent the phone back. dont like it! my phone is a month old and it doesnt work unless is on speaker iPhone looks brand new. Ive had it for 2 months and its been working perfect on AT&T. bought it one week ago and was delivered on time.however the battery is terrible,when i charge it full,the first 5 mins i use the charge drops by half.i would advise anyone to buy.. NO HEADPHONES, AND CHARGER NOT ORIGINAL. THE BATTERY DOESNT WORK. DONT BUY IT FROM THIS SELLER! VIUS. excellent, it works great! very happy These reviews are misleading because the third party vendors are numerous and people are not specifying where the phone came from. Mine came from BuySPRY and it arrived in great condition. Mine was certified refurbished and everything is in perfect working order so far. Visually it looks brand new without any visible blemishes. Good deal! I got this phone four days ago. As of last night it will not accept a charge, I can receive no phone calls, I cannot call anyone, but I do have internet capability. It needs to be returned.After I wrote this I googled the problem. It said to reboot and gave instructions. It has been working ever since. I'll return it if it has another glich, but for now it is working. No issues with my Iphone 6 at all. The phone is very good but thier is no headphone jack it look like someone just drilled a hole to the bottom of the phone . Phone works great, just one small VERY annoying issue (especially if you use Snapchat often) the shutter sound for the camera WILL NOT TURN OFF. No matter what settings you go to. I purchased this Referbished from the seller ABC Direct. And I am blown away at the quality and customer service I received. The device itself is in perfect condition, no scratches, no dings, everything works as advertised. Looks and operates like a brand new device. And I can already assure all of you reading this that I will purchase from them again in the near future! Nice phone It comes with a random Carrier and they are still in contracts so you can not switch the carrier Owesome LOVE , LOVE, LOVE MY NEW PHONE! Came as promised on time and in great condition! Easily set up and working great! I would buyit it again and I recommended this company to others! This piece of garbage doesn't even deserve one star. this phone is a scheme do NOT buy them. as soon as I turned on the phone a few second later the screen started flickering and it would not turn off. I strongly DON'T recommend this to you guys. Dont waste you your time; actually, im wasting my time right typing this review. this was a slap to the face. Good phone, slightly more dents that I'd like for a "Very Good" product, but very functional. Warranty has not experienced, I'll check again then. Everything is fine...the phone looks great and no problems at all. Thank you! Device has a bad battery. The first time, it took over 2 hours just to turn on. Kept it charging all night long and then the following day, it turned off at 45%. It wouldn't turn on, so I held the Power+Home button and it turned on showing I had 10% charge. It turned off right after and I repeated the process. Now, it shows 50% charge. There's clearly a calibration issue or the battery is defective. How is this a "certified-refurbished" unit?! I would like to replace this instead of getting a refund, but i'm afraid that I will get a similar unit that's defective as well. Listen to this review and many others & DO NOT BUY THIS. nice condition So far it been good. I can connect it w my carrier which is Metro PCS and is working. The phone is in good condition looks like new. No scratch. So far everything is perfect. Phone looked brand new, no visible damage or wear. Has performed perfectly. Was skeptical about buying a refurbished product, but right out the box I noticed the phone was in very good condition, no scratches or dents. The phone itself worked perfectly, didn't have any issues at all. However I would recommend buying a certified Apple charger rather than using the one that is given in with this product. So far, so good. Outside is perfect, running like new. Will update if anything changes perfect! Exterior in great condition. Microphone didn't work, so people could only hear when I can them on speaker. Phone is pristine but does not connect to any phone system. Returning a.s.a.p. Excellent product like new great product everything u need to get started WHAT CAN I SAY ITS APPLE ! Phone shipped quickly! Small scratch at charging site, works like brand new! Have had it since November and still pleased! I'm sorry I was the one who bought this product. I couldn't use it. I couldn't save any contact, send a text, take a picture and many other things. The only thing I could do was to place a call. Please don't sale stuff like that. Excellent. No problems so far. Like new product at a great price I purchased this phone several weeks ago, but I'm barely finding out that the phone isn't 100% silent while on silent mode. I tried to find out what the phone's country of origin is, and I wasn't able to find anything. I know it's illegal in some countries to have your phone COMPLETELY silent, and I may have that type of phoneunfortuntaely Nice It's good Item was as expected The charger is not working. So I have to order another charger with an extra cost. It scared me if the phone is also may function for long time? Refurbished! Phone will not hold a charge. Will never order electronics from Amazon again. My night started out with pure enthusiasm as I found out my iPhone arrived. Soon that enthusiasm would go away. The first problem with the phone started out small, but rather annoying, the mute button was defective. I would mearly breath on the phone, if even that and it would start toggling between mute and sound, all while buzzing. Annoying. Then I found out that the model of iPhone was originally from either Korea or Japan, making it so that I could not turn off the shutter sound when taking photos/snapshots, highly annoying. I looked through the packaging to find out there was a 90 day warranty and I just had to call/email to get ahold of the company to fix the issue. Simple, and helpful right? It would be if the company actually picked up the call or emailed you back. What a joke. I found out there are a couple work around a to these issues and I wasn't happy doing them, but I didn't want to be without a phone even for a couple days, (why I paid for this one to be over nighted to my dorm room, even though it ended up not able to be in my hands until two days after I was supposed to.) so I was going to keep it. Then it died at 40 some percent battery and now I'm going to just return it and never deal with magic mobile partners again. Ever. I would advise you and anyone else who asked me to do the same. Just when I thought I was going to actually like iPhones, probably will just buy a new one as I would suggest you do too if you want one. I'm very happy with it. And you can't beat the price. I made back up from iPhone 5 with the intent to restore data to the new phone the next morning after leaving the new phone to charge all night. Battery was only at 52% & wouldn't go above 54%. Requested Refund. So bad the product is breaking The front camera isn't in the right spot, it's only half way in there but it works fine Works good and I am satisfied with the refurbished iphone 6. Almost like new. Do not buy. Whoever this is sold me a phone from Japan and I'm sending it back because the camera sound will not turn off. They should have put it in the description that it would give me problems. The phone started to curve after two days but it's not a problem because it's not that noticeable. Product and Service is flawless. Arrived in perfect quality, better than what I was expecting. iPhone was compatible with my AT&T SIM card just as described and it arrived in the mail at the time mail usually arrives at my home (since i requested next day delivery). This iPhone was more than refurbished, it came like new ! I had a great experience all the way from ordering to activating it, it was just stress free. After purchasing my iPhone, I the amazing quality was more than worth what I paid for. Keep up the work guys!! The product came faulty, the antenna did not work. We agreed that I would repair it on my part to avoid having to return it since I was on vacation abroad. Could not repair. Sells products that do not work. Do not buy with him. The phone was in perfect working order. It looked brand new. perfect condition. The earphone did not come love it I was very excited about this purchase. The phone came in nice condition, HOWEVER, it continually dies, does NOT hold a charge, and i'm honestly surprised how much of a piece of trash this phone is. Very disappointed. Listen to the reviews people, do not follow through with buying an iphone from BREED. Ok I was wrong phone is perfect I will be buying another cheap and nice. hope it will be always nice All received and in good working condition. Ordered and received today! Received phone in a generic box with the USB cord and plug, no headphones. The phone I received looks brand new with no scratches or signs of being used. I'm very pleased with my purchase. I will update my review should any issues arise. Got my Iphone today no problems thanks Basically good but niggling problems will probably get it sent back thus product is absolutely amazing!when i bought u wasnt sure but when it arrived it was just like new. I have had it for about a week and it is perfect. it also will work with almost any servixe provider if you just buy that conoanies sim card. FYI it is a nano sim card I was left very disappointed with this purchase. The battery was in very poor condition. It says dies at about 30%. The phone won't connect to wifi. The frame of the phone is bent. This is a poor excuse for a refurb - this phone is just used and broken. I am returning this, but am posting a review in hopes to warn others. In great shape. Works well. Very impressed. Good Product Works perfectly! I'm so happy to have a new working phone! The only little issue is that they had a sticker on the back of the phone under the plastic covering that I had to scrap off but otherwise it is amazing! I also love the color, I always went with the space gray but I decided to try the white and gold and it looks very pretty a little problem with automatic shut down on 20% ish battery, everything else is perfect. The charger stopped working couple of days after the phone was delivered so it doesn't meet my expectations Excellent condition like new. Activated the phone today and so far everything looks perfect Apple iPhone 6 128GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone, Silver (Certified Refurbished) Bought it from the seller BREED, it runs amazingly excellent... LIKE BRAND NEW, LITERALLY!! was delivered promptly. Phone is defective. Unfortunately, I have to go through a refund process This re-furnished I-phone looked like it was brand new. I paid $399 for it. At about 95 days it stopped working. Would not charge or turn on. amazon said it was out of warranty and they could do nothing. I would recommend that you buy a new phone instead of a re-furnished phone. This was a lemon, and I am out $399 Arrived on time and activated without any problems The iPhone 6 I purchased arrived when I was told it would and in better condition than I thought it would as it is a reconditioned phone. Once I plugged in the SIM card and charged it up, I was ready to go. I haven't encountered any problems. Would recommend to others and would buy another if needed. i received it and the screen was bent. it came late and it was as good as i expected it. i had to return it immediately because it was just really badd. i should get back my full refund because it came and was already damaged. It's awesome phone Very disappointing. The phone arrived today and clearly does NOT have a new battery (as promised with a refurbished phone). The battery lasts about 90 minutes on a full charge with moderate usage. is good phone like new, no problems Buyer Beware! "Factory Refurbished" seems to mean just send one out the door. Bad battery out of the box and I am responsible for return shipping to have the phone repaired or replaced? You get what you pay for I guess. Come in time and works great!!!! Not working Ok Works great iphone arrived today and my son loves it! Looks nice no scratches and so far works great! The battery will not keep a charge The phone came with scratches on the back and a big scratch on the screen....too bad.... The good: Phone looks excellent.
 The bad (well, annoying, but not bad bad) Battery was completely dead but seems to be taking a charge. Won't be activating the phone (more on that) but I'm gonna let it charge and update this later. (Update...phone activated on Straight Talk and seems to be working properly. 
The ugly: I ordered "Apple iPhone 6 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM (Certified Refurbished)" that clearly states in the description: Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. However...I just got the package and the phone has a "Carrier VERIZON Model IPhone 6 sticker on the back! So....what exactly did I get? Have to wait and see...I emailed the seller (DealFisher) and am trying to research the MEID and IMEI. The model number for both is 1549 so that's not much help. Update: Apple says it's unlocked and not identified as lost/stolen or anything bad like that. DealFisher says it's unlocked too. Jury is still out on issues with Straight Talk and Verizon and traveling, but phone seems to work and is in great shape, battery seems to be holding, and seller responded and is willing to work with me if there are issues...updated to 4 stars. Paid 327.00 and received a phone that would not charge or work. Will not buy from this seller again. The screen is buggy, and can be unresponsive when typing. Sometimes while on YouTube videos would rewind a bit. The phone functioned poorly right from the start. The original screen on the phone looked replaced as this one was not fixed properly on the left edge. The touch sensors on the screen didn't respond on the bottom part of the display. Also the phone didn't work with any provider in India. It said it is unlocked but didn't looked like. The iphone arrived with problem to the battery, it goes off alone. So far phone video goes gray color sometimes. I don't think is going to last, first time I buy used phone and it is not worth it. good luck to everyone, my recommendation is look for a local place where to buy and test before you buy. Phone as promised The speaker went out after a month . Called to get help. Lady REFUSED to help ! Not happy at all. I really hate buying "refurbished" things for this very reason: they're always defective in some way or another. My iPhone resets multiple times a day and it's an absolute waste of money. I was cautious to buy it because all the one star reviews. Just know this: if you buy this, prepared to have a 50/50 chance that is doesn't work. I saw 3 scratch or marks on the rim of the pho e and no earphone... Dark color fits with the black iPhone 6 very well. The front rim is protruded, so it protects the screen well. The only bad things is that the charger hole is too small, such that the lightning can't fit into it. the phone freezes and calls people all the time, maybe the 6s works better It doesn't work I can't connect it sending it back for refund Very happy with the iPhone 6 I did have to cut my sim card to fit and once I did that my service with the iPhone was working thank you I'm now buying this phone for my mom! When I received my package it had a cracked screen which I did not order. Everything else was fine. great I took a chance on this refurbished phone but so far no problems!! Everything came in the box packaged very nicely. Good cord & double connection for outlet was a Bonus! Phone looks like I just went to the store & picked it up. Super easy set up with my already existing Straight Talk nano card. I plugged it in & away it went! Holding final decision but so far so good! Great Product. So far all is good! Please save your money and find a better option, I should have heeded the bad reveiews. I received the phone, seemed to be in perfect condition but then I tried to make a call and the mic didn't work, I could hear who I was calling but they could not hear me at all. Which kinda defeats the purpose of a phone. Save your money, move along Excellent product , was Leary about buying due to cosmetic complains of the screen protector . I decided to buy it anyway. Looks very sharp , not sure what the fuss is about the screen protector , it works very well It is very bad phone.Its battery is not working. Great phone for a great price! Haven't had any problems and it came in on time and just as it was described! I bought a case for it, but before I put it on I noticed the bottom right hand corner had a faint click when I would press on it. Not much of a problem tho so I still really love the phone Very poor quality. Speakers dont work. Battery life aprox. 1-2 hours. Shuts down at 40-50%. Extremely slow performance. Microphones often fail. Need to restart every 3-4 hours. Demand a refund!!! Got phone as scheduled. It works perfect!! Thank you!! So far so good, hopefully we don't find any defeat from this iPhone any time in the furure. Love it Excellent Product! Recommended! Excellent Product! Recommended! Very pleased with this purchase! Some of the reviews were deterring me, but I am so happy to have this phone. Just like the other one that I got wet and killed. This phone is great! No scratches. No glitches. Works perfectly! Arrived in sealed box w/ charging cable! Very happy with this phone and the price was right! good phone as I expected Item is defected!! Call me asap!!! Bought this phone as a replacement for my IPhone 5 after it was run over by a car in Miami. So far, I am loving it! The battery is long lasting, and the phone functions like a dream. Came with off brand charger, but not a problem considering that I still have my charger from my 5. Really happy with this purchase. Thanks! :-) Great! My son really likes this! No issues at all! It's ok but it don't have a scrub in the button. And i don't have the headphones Defective Though it was completely dead when it arrived, it was unlocked as promised. The packaging was great and the phone works. You cannot tell it is refurbished. A side note, the sticker on the back of the phone is very hard to get off. I think it would be wiser to place the label on the protective liner over the phone rather directly on the phone Ok Defective phone Good product Great phone new condition Works like a new phone. Only couldn't add Apple Care since it had been a used one. Absolutely love my new phone! No scratches, no dings. Looks brand new. No issues yet! never tour-on at all Battery had >800 power cycles! I suspect they are tampering with the battery somehow. 800 cycles with 90% capacity? I doubt that. The capacity likely follows exponential decay to match power cycles within 2-3 months (beyond warranty coverage). Phone looked brand new. There wasn't any scratches or nothing. It was exactly what I expected! Not refurbished or certified by Apple. Be wary of buying these products. This phone was 2 years old per Apple and their researching serial number. So not covered under any Apple Warranty. Not happy that now new phones (not refurb) are being sold and advertised for $100 less than the used one I just bought a month ago didint need it anymore Speedy shipping and wonderful product! Great phone looks brand new!! So far no problems love it It came when expected, was unlocked and works perfectly (Looks brand new). It could have came with earphones though. Phone exactly as promised - good as new. The device was in perfect conditions. All working perfectly! Works great!! The charger they sent included with this phone charges the phone SO quickly! Love it. The only bad thing is that the battery does not last, it needs to be charged many times a day. Battery don't work Network and wifi don't work. The phone look new but I can't use it so ... I'm very disappointed The volume buttons don't work and every time I take a picture the sound is on and there is no way to turn it down Works great with straight talk wireless. Was everything I expected..Very nice condition...very happy Terrible. It shut off at 30% and won't turn back on. Now I have to pay for your mistake. I'm never buying a phone from you guys again Condition was specified new but there are visible scratch marks on the body. The charger provided is not an Apple accessory, but some other company Sharkk. I was expecting original charger. No earpods in the package. Before reading the bad reviews and considering your option, make sure you are aware of which seller the person bought the phone from. I bought a space grey 16 gb iphone from the seller VIP Outlet and so far the product has been great. I received it in a brown generic box including apple headphones and a charger cable. The phone looks brand new, and has no physical marks. It is functioning as good as a new Iphone, there was no problem switching my carrier over, the only thing I am concerned about is how long the battery life is suppose to run for, but since this is my first I phone I won't consider it a big deal. I recommend buying this product from VIP Outlet if you are considering getting this phone. Worked great until February 1st. It got hot while being charged and will not turn on. Of course, the last day to return it was January 31st. Phone works fine for a day it's been a week and the battery goes from 100% to dead in an hour Don't expect a new battery. I've been using this phone for a week. The battery will not hold a charge. I'm disappointed. excellent Awesome, works and looks great Everything is great i think the battery was damaged before, after i used one month, when my phone charge, it restart over and over again and i can not use it anymore. worst phone - - Actually looks like brand new! I am so glad I can buy this phone by lower price! 2 weeks with the phone and I really happy with this purchase. Very well thanks I could not be more happy with my phone. I live overseas and it was delivered eairlier than exapected. This phone may be referbashed but it works and looks like new. The phone is nice but some features of the phone are not working I sent this phone to my employee and he has said that the assertive touch in the phone is not working another then it's ok . The phone came perfectly good condition. The only two problems I have encountered so far is that you are unable to turn off the camera clicking sound and the battery had to be replaced because it would die at 20% which got annoying when I did not have a portable charger on me. Came in great condition but the camera shutter won't shut off. I looked up the reason and it said phones from Japan can't turn off their camera shutter, but I don't think this phone is from Japan. Other than the camera shutter, it's great. But, I cannot take one picture without it making a loud sound so hard to take pics during class. No complaints! Came as advertised Like brand new! I freaking love it! Good. All night long EXCELENT !!! As far as we can tell it is just as good as a new one. Replaced our IPhone 5. No problem at all. Received Phone everything is good with the exception of screen being loose. Refurbished and certified, I guess does not mean in new condition. I want to return it but I have already connected through my phone service. The volume did not reach an audible range. Location services inaccurate. Dies while there is still battery life. dead on arrival out of the box Verte good It came a bit dirty & had fuzz stuff inside the charger port & the headphone jack. Also makes the camera noise when you take a picture weather or not if you turn the volume down. That's about it though, other than that I love it! Works as advertised. Bought another similar phone off ebay for cheaper. After two returns, we are buying through Amazon with no complaints. Took a chance buying refurbished for the first time ever and it worked, Been using this as my main phone for about a month now with no problems, the home button is a little cheap and feels weird when pressing but I'm guessing that's what was refurbished. Otherwise great phone First time getting it, the camera was blurry and provides charger didn't work. Second time, the charger provided didn't work. Excellent Good condition. But missing Headphone. I'm actually writing this review on the iPhone 6 I bought here. It works absolutely FANTASTIC. It is fast, looks new, and is everything the description said. However, I thought it would be useful for others to know that this does not come with a SIM card. I didn't know this, and I had to go get one at Smith's (about $20). If you have a SIM card already, it shouldn't be a problem. I just didn't have one, and had to buy one in order to set up the phone. No battery backup , need to keep on charging the phone ,better to take the new phone than factory unlocked n $100 differs tats it Awful Item! When I got this item, I was pretty excited to use it but the item would not even start. i even tried charging it for a long time and yet no response from the system. Should have read the feedback cause now, when I am reading it many of them are unsatisfied customers like myself. Amazon should look into this matter and not have such third party sellers who cannot provide the expected. I brought this for my son. It arrived in great condition. I have to admit I was a little worried because it was not a new phone. No worries! Phone came on time and was in very good condition . One scratch on the bottom next to the head phone socket but no big deal. Don't get so terrified by the reviews It came Arvin a Great time And Works Wonderfully Great Place To Get Refurbished Unlocked Iphones EXCELLENT PRODUCT I'm quite disappointed with this. I'm aware of the risks that come with refurbished electronics, but to sell a product with a clear problem in the touch ic chip, knowing said problem can't be fixed, is terrible. So I've pretty much tanked $400 on a phone that's just steadily getting worse and can't be repaired. Iphone came in like new, No scratches, scuff, etc. Very well cared for and comes with a USB Lighting cable(not OEM) but still works as well as a charging brick. Love the phone, no complaints apart from Itunes had a lot of emails connected to it that kept asking for a password. These were easily removed with an update/Restore Looks new and works great! On time shipping too! So far so good, my dad is happy with his phone. Arrived on time and works perfectly. No issues at all Very happy with my iPhone 6 128GB! The phone looked and felt brand new. I didn't find any scratches or scraps on it. I love it. I can't turn off de camera's Sound!!!! Even if I put it in silence mood!!! Idk why!!!!! :( Exactly what I wanted Works and looks like new nothing wrong with it and great price.. Swagy swag fresh Worse refurbished phones. I gifted my brother an iphone and within a week its touch stopped working . Screen hangs up everytime I try to use . It is so embarrassing to get a gift returned . It came with no scratches or cracks and a very fast charger. Very happy with this phone Do not buy this product. Although the page states that the phones sent are unlocked and GSM4 compatible, I received a verizon model, which was not unlocked. T-mobile could and would not unlock it for me. Works as expected It took an arm and a leg to turn on, but it was worth it. NO Phone in the box. All that was in the box was 2 pieces of a Sharkk 3rd party charger. DO NOT BUY! Got the phone without any scratches or any cosmetic issue. It ran fast and had a good battery life. Unfortunately we weren't able to turn off the camera shutter sound on any apps, which means that the phone is from a region that doesn't allow the camera to be silent. This was disappointing as the rest of the phone was fine. Returned it. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. The phone isn't "refurbished"- it's broken and unusable. Update: a few months later, and there are even more problems with this phone. Applications crash. It sends me reminders for things I completed weeks ago, and it sends a new reminder EVERY twenty minutes. This phone is barely useable. It sucks. I so wish I hadn't bought it. And the seller never responded to me about any of these issues. Old review: I like the look and feel of the phone, but it has *many* issues. I was upgrading from a 5s and the 6 seems like a great pick, but this seller clearly is just turning over broken phones and not doing the whole "refurbishing" part... The first issue is that applications keep crashing while Im using it. This isnt constant, but its happened multiple times, with various games/browsers, so I dont like that. Another thing thats even more annoying is that the volume doesnt switch off. It pops back up to full volume immediately, or on its own randomly. Even when it IS in the mute position, the phone makes noise when getting texts, or taking a photo. I stopped by the Apple store to make sure I wasnt confused and the Genius Bar woman was concerned and confused as well. She said if the volume is switched to off, the camera shutter should *not* make noise, yet it does. This is a nightmare at work when getting emails and texts. It's very loud and annoying, and this is embarrassing. It doesnt stay in the mute position, it constantly slides back up. But even while its still in the mute position, it doesnt mute the sounds. There is a new problem as of today, which is that it keeps saying my sent texts are undelivered, with the red exclamation, but then people respond to them. So I never know if something went through or not. The final thing thats been off is that the screen sometimes gets wavy, which Ive never experienced before in a phone. The first time this happened I was taking a photo through a window, so I didnt think about it much and just assumed it was something to do with the glass. But its happened a few times now, while Im texting, or on Facebook. I dont even know why it would do this I was expecting a used but perfect condition phone. This one clearly has some issues, and its not functioning as promised. pretty damaged Boxed received today, the phone was missing but I did receive the charger and cable broken Comes in generic box but was like new. I give 4 stars because the charger doesn't work but the phone itself is excellent not really but it is ok defective battery! This phone was a rip off! They stated when i bought it that it was unlocked but it turned out that it wasnt. We were robbed of 350 + dollars. Product was as described, worked without any issues The phone was in perfect external conditions. Charger and cable were not genuine, but worked like if they were. The problem was related to wifi and Bluetooth connections. WiFi dropped often and pairing with Applewatch was also inconsistent. I had to return the phone and ask for a refund. Excellent phone Phone is functional for the most part, but unfortunately it definitely shows signs of being refurbished. I have a case on it, but if I drop it the screen will lift and I have to snap it back in place. The left edge of the screen doesn't always probably either. And it freezes every once in a blue moon. Overall a workable phone, but was hoping to get more like new quality Excellent in general! THEY DONT WORK AND THEY HAVE A LOT OF PROBLEMS https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00YD54AYU/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 Great product arrived in great condition! I have got the mobile in good condition and so far I dont see any issues with it. The mobile charger in the kit is not of good quality but mobile is woth buying with some risk of being refurbished . No problems so far. I have always bought my unlocked phones from Amazon. Phone received had metal edging clearly bent/dented where a tool had been used to pry previous screen off. It made a single phone call before it quit working. I contacted my carrier to find the phone's IMEI # was locked since the phone had been previously reported stolen. The aluminum around the phone was separated by the volume buttons, but had no scratches and worked just fine It came a couple days late, but overall good performance and exterior is good. Exelent Product for not work.. Sent it back The acrewn was damage The phone is not staying charged. I took it to apple and they told me that it needs a new battery. For the price of buying a new battery I could get a new iPhone 6s. Text messages and calls don't come through sometimes. I will never buy a refurbished phone again. I bought this phone and sent it to my brother in India as a gift. The charger stopped working within a week and I felt very embarassing as it was a gift. Now i am worried about the phone and wishing it to work for a good time. I wish I would have bought from some reputed sellers or may be apple or best buy. As described. Works flawlessly. Phone just as described. Though it didn't come with OEM packaging, but it looks brand new and no scratch both screen and back of phone. Thanks guys am enjoying my phone The Phone it self is perfect I had no signs of wear on it as a "apple pro" the only thing to say is if you are a first time iphone buyer DONT BUY FROM HERE!!! when I got the phone and used the charger that came with it it broke within the first hour of having it plugged in the whole prong was black like it shorted and then when i went to unplug the cord the prong got stuck in it and i had to work it out so if this is your first time hit up your local walmart or best buy and buy a cable these are genaric and may fail upon use Been a few months and its still working perfectly. The phone came in mint condition and was set up in no time at all. This is the first used phone that I've ever bought and so I was a little apprehensive but it ended up exceeding my expectations as to the condition it came in. Not a single scratch or blemish. Without Headphone Without packaging factory I got compensation I should have read the reviews first. Battery Not charging at all. Great phone, everything works perfectly This phone was exactly as expected and working well. It was for my daughter and at a great price! The phone was defective. I could barely hear the caller. I bought this phone from Amazon's Certified Refurbished program. I was a little leery of buying a "secondhand" phone, but I have been an Amazon customer for many years, and have always had a great experience. The few times I've ever had a problem with anything I've purchased, (very few times in many years), Amazon has taken great care to correct any issues in a very expedient manner, so I have come to really trust them. I am a Prime Member, I use the Prime Pantry Feature, I buy things off the regular site, etc. So I was more than willing to give the "Certified Refurbished Phone Program" a chance. However, I still read EVERY single review from other people who had bought a phone this way. And although there were some less-than-completely-positive reviews, there were far more happy and satisfied customer, than not. So I bought my iPhone 6 (not S) and it arrived 4 days earlier than expected, it looks BRAND NEW, and it is in perfect working order!! I could not be more happy with my phone. I also had great faith that if wasn't happy, Amazon would make it right. But fortunately, it is everything I was hoping it would be, and more! I was expecting to see some scratches on the glass, and the body, which I was already willing to live with, since the price was so good, plus free Prime shipping. But this phone arrived looking absolutely brand new, with a charger that has a nice long cable. I already had a case for it, and headphones, so I didn't need to buy any other accessories. I couldn't be happier or more impressed with this purchase! Very nice...I really like it. Great buy trouble free the best Good phone only problem I have with it is the charger is not that good but that's not a big isssue Great great condition the charger wasn't working though Sadly I was disappointed by both the "certified" and "refurbished" part of this iPhone 6. Besides the touch screen not working (or barely working --- most of the time it didn't respond to my touches, 5to the point to where I couldn't unlock my phone) which could be chalked up as somehow a glitch that's software related (and thus less BuySpry's fault) --- the speaker for taking on the phone also had static and there was a pockmark on the screen --- clearly hardware issues that BuySpry should have "refurbished" and "certified". This phone is great, I was pretty worried about a refurbished product but I am pleasantly surprised...so far have only had it a few days but it seems to work perfectly and is very exceptional in appearance. I am very happy with my purchase little scratch The original listing for this item did not indicate that it was refurbished. I purchased from a listing which stated that the iPhone I was purchasing was Brand New, not Refurbished. db, Review Date: on January 18, 2017, Rating: 5.0 out of 5 stars, Phone arrived in like new condition exactly as advertised. So far it is functioning perfectly I orderd iphone 6 128gb, but when i opend box it was iphone 5S 16gb. Only giving it 3 stars due to the package, which looks very used and battered. Hopefully the iPhone works well. Will update when I have used it for a good week. Had the phone for about 24 hours and the touch screen stopped working, Phone would not respond. Tried resetting, resetting to factory, and reinstalling latest update. Nothing worked. Phone came from BREED. I returned the phone and bought a second one, this time from Magic Mobile Partners. They do not charge 21 dollars for tax and also have positive reviews albeit not as many. Crossing fingers that this next company gives me a phone that works. Also sent out an Email to the company and have not heard back, also not a plus in my book. BREED, please check your products and make sure your customers are getting the very best, Certified Refurbished means "Like New" not "kinda New". The speaker clarity is a bit off, but otherwise it works perfectly. First off this was a Xmas Gift that was promised 22 Dec, didn't get it until 12/27. Phone appeared fine, but so far had connectivity problems. AT&T replaced SIM and we still have limited use unless on WiFi. Not happy at all!!!! Without earphones or speaker on,I barely hear what they're telling and they can't hear me either Works beautifully. Few scratches here and there and dirt in side groove when received but overall very good. Phone does not charge. Very bad quality. Battery is not working. I'm very frustrated. Phone arrived on time, looked brand new. Setup went without a hitch. Perfectly satisfied. Great phone. I'm so happy I bought this phone for my daughter . She is still using it and is so happy with it. Man it's awesome thanks for this guys. I have bought refurbished phones before and they worked perfectly. Customers can return them for cosmetic reasons like having a scratch. This does not affect the functionality of the phone. However, this current phone that I just bought is unusable. The phone battery charging mechanism does not work. It all of a sudden shuts down even though the battery is almost fully charged. And it does not necessarily come back up after charging. I am going to take it to the apple store to see if anything can be done and will return it if not. There's an issue with my phone dying early. It's hit 49 and 20 percent and died both times. Never actually even past 20%. Keeps dying nearly at half battery every time. Disappointed love it The product doesn't work properly, yesterday before I turn it on and the screen was tilt. I will try to send it back as soon as arrived to the country. Looked like a brand new phone! Input the Verizon SIM card in and it worked right away! Great purchase and extremely satisfied. Great iPhone! Great Worked right out of the box Phone arrived in perfect condition & works great. I'm very impressed with the quality. I returned this iPhone because it does not turn on. Even after several hours of charging. A great buy... No scratches and in perfect working condition... No complaints! Excellent!! This is a great phone I've had it for about 3-4 months it works perfect. Befo I bought this phone it said SIM card include, just wondering if it got lost in the mail? Where I'm from that's called faults advertising. Mute button was broken. I ask for a refund. The phone was in mint condition. Just very little signs of use near the camera. The battery is also working fine. Definitely a great deal for the price! Received phone in a timely manner, it came without any damages or blemishes. I'm am really happy with the preformance of the phone. I received an he phone on January 11th 2016 so i haven't had it for very long but so far I am ex The iPhone 6 looks as good as new. My daughter was speechless when she opened her Christmas gift. I received the iPhone in almost perfect condition!!! It just just one tiny little scratch that is not even visible. The cable and charger work great, and charge the phone real fast even though it's not an apple product. Everything on the phone works great! It arrived when it said it would and its awesome! I know this seller has gotten real bad reviews but I must say I was very very impressed with the phone! I would def buy again from seller! Thank you. Phone looked fine when received. Headphone jack quit working right after the return window closed. Quit holding a charge not long after that. Don't waste your money here. The apple iphone I ordered is awesome no problems so far.it came on time .Am hesitant buying products online but this will make me go back again. Everything is perfect with this phone. It arrived on time and included all the components promised. It is Everything expected. Very pleased with the functions. I like it but I thought it was more bigger This was the second iPhone I purchased from Amazon and it was the BEST! The other iPhone was the same model and came in great condition and I was very happy with my purchase. However, this vendor was even BETTER! The iPhone came with all iPhone accessories - charger and earbuds! I wasn't expecting that because the other iPhone I got, came with a generic charger and no earbuds AND they were the same price! I wish I just bought two of these phones! I would highly recommend this vendor to purchase your iPhone! The phone was in great condition but it was made in a way that there was no way to mute the shutter sound on the camera and that was surely a deal breaker for me. Hopefully the next phone does not have this issue. The cell phone was very dirty. The screen did not work well. Had marks and bumps on the edges. It's not a "CERTIFIED REFURBISH" cell phone it's a USED cell phone Good products This "Certified Refurbished" Factory Unlocked iphone 6 would not hold a charge after being plugged in for quite awhile. It did not indicate it was even in the process of charging after being unplugged and re-plugged in several times. The same issues persisted after attempting a hard reset (home + power button) and trying to reset via itunes (plug-in with home button down). This is a piece of garbage sold by the seller "BREED". Please avoid them at all costs. Actually very well, the cellphone it's very nice, I'm really happy with it! It seems great so far. We purchased as a gift and were disappointed in the presentation. Protective shields slapped on sloppily with tons of air bubbles, changer in a plastic bag. No ear buds. We added a protective shield to the glass and added new ear buds. The packaging did seem sturdy enough though and the product seems fine. Just don't expect it to show up in all of it's original Apple glory! First I was scared to order a refurbished Iphone because of the reviews, but I finally got it and received it as new. Perfect functions, no mark on the phone, I have it since almost one month now and works perfectly. Good Great phone!! no look and function like new Worked great!! Phone was in amazing condition and unlocked. It works perfect nothing wrong wit ut at all Its not New there were scratches on the phone. And headphones were missing. Great Price and product I bought 2 of theses phones for Christmas presents. They came quickly and were No Phone looks good. Battery doesn't work very well. The phone died at 42% or higher multiple times. So far, everything ok Arrived on time and is a very good phone. Banged up,and cosmetically flawed but works well. Phone doesn't charge and sticker on phone states Verizon and not GSM. This has clearly not been tested and is the wrong device. Good phone! Worked with T-Mobile right out of the Box! Fast shipping! Looks and performs like a new phone. Item has worked perfectly, as advertised. Not so bad not in the best shape but so far it's awesome the 4 stars is mainly the wait on the item to be shipped I was hesitant to buy this but I did it and I was very satisfied because they didn't rip me off so I'm glad. It works very well. Phone was in phenomenal condition and looked brand new! Expected the A1549 model and was a little worried when it turned out to be the A1586 model, but activation was fine on T-Mobile. Great phone for a great price that was an amazing gift, highly recommend buying from BREED! Good and all but didn't come with the earphones if you can send some it would be great and worth 5 stars The phone is great! I was a little nervous at first because of all the bad reviews and especially because it was going to be a gift, but the phone works great! My sister loves it. I'm actually considering buying it again for myself. the phone i recieved never even turned on! Also tried to cantact about a replacement and no reply.. Unsatisfied! alayfwn lays jadid wayujad bih eutl wamaftuh lays mughalif aljihaz mustaeml wa'ana la 'arghab fih It was all scratched up all over the case and camera ... Excelent! Phone as expected. Works well so far. The only cons is that it came with a scratch in the back :) So for working great!! Like new!! Very happy with iPhone 6! Arrived on time... about the only good thing about it... I received a Pink IPhone when I ordered a Golf IPhone... a small DEEP cut in the middle of the screen upon opening the box... screen would go crazy at time when I would go to text a friend... too it to both Verizon and Genius Phone Repair but nothing they could tell was wrong with it... Not worth the money WHATSOEVER! The phone works properly but there are marks all over it. I expected more even if I know it's a refurbished model. There were stickers near the speakers impossible to remove. Next time I will spend some more and buy a refurbished model directly from Apple itself. bought for my son he loves it Wife loves it Phone is working good, i am happy with it. Thanks iPhone 6 was delivered by the opened box without protection. Both charger and cable are non-original (SHARKK). iPhone appears to be a real one but unfortunately I didn't turn on because the screen and body is loosed. When you touch the screen, the screen is sunk into. I have to return it. And also, a damage at the charging area. This phone is not unlocked, and is very limited. I'm hoping I could get a refund. No matter how awesome 128 GB looks or sounds, don't buy this product. It's only usable with spring and AT&T, which they suck and have horrible rural coverage. Not to mention that it freezes and restarts couple times daily. Can't believe I spent $420 on this product. Phone works amazing. Like new. Works great on the WalMart plan. Phone is in great exterior condition, but keeps rebooting and the accessories (cord and charger) did not work. Unsupported. It's okay, the only problem is that the shutter sound doesn't turn off when the phone is muted but other than that it's fine! Its awesome and I did not have any problem at all If I could rate this no stars I would. This product worked for the first few hours then proceeded to fail. The refurbished product began failing by shutting off or powering down randomly. Do not purchase this product no matter how low of price they offer. Ignore the reviews and look up seller's feedback upon purchasing a product. Purchased from BuySPRY. Recieved the product in a nice box with charger and cable. The iPhone looks as if it was new. The product is fully functional and no issue if there is any complaintion this review will be updated. Great phone. Replaced iPhone 5c and to phone is quite an improvement. was used not put in nice box Had this phone for almost a month now it's pretty good don't have that many problems only a few small bugs like it doesn't like to load up Snapchat correctly but that's really it highly recommend getting this phone Purchased for my daughter. After 2 months she has no complaints. Swapped out the sim card (we use Cricket Wireless) and good to go. The bad reviews almost discouraged me from making the purchase but I still went ahead with it and today I must say I don't regret buying my phone here.... twas good for me!! item arrived and was exactly as described. This was a perfect phone for the wifey. She takes a lot of pictures. 128Gb helps. It's working perfectly so far. Hooked it up to Straight talk wireless no problems. Given as a gift to my 10yr. old and it's just like new.....works great with no issues. I bought this phone to have Siri assist me with my Phillips HUE lights/strips. I used to have service everywhere with my old IPhone. But now with this one it will say no service and it stays like that till I restart the phone The phone was exactly what I ordered. There is a little scratch on the front corner and on the back but it's not anything a case couldn't cover up. The battery life isn't the best in the world but it will last me the whole day. Overall a great buy it is exactly what I wanted! My only complaint is that it only comes with an off brand charger and no other accessories like earbuds but it's not like they were advertised or anything. Very good I was a little skeptical at first after reading some of the 1 star reviews, but one I received the phone they were BEAUTIFUL. Perfect condition. No scratches or bumps and the price was perfect. Shipping was slow but I didn't mind. Its worth the wait getting something worth your money. As described and the phone was shipped right away. Looked brand new! It's greet it's like brand new... Love it! Ok reading this review will be like finding a piece of gold. The phone came very pristine and unlocked. I bought from Prime Mobility I would say there pretty decent. Came with orignal charging etc. now for the juicy part does not come witch headphones also when buying these phones you always have a 50/50 chance of getting a pristine working phone, or a crappy one trust me buy from prime mobility maybe your hard earn money will not be for nothing. I'm happy with my product everything seems to cosmetically fine and functionality is on point. Also for this phone I recommend ESR defender case trust me. Anyway I hope this review help some of you. Don't buying from sellers that don't have at least 700+ comments on there feedback wall I got my 64GB iPhone6 in perfect condition. Also in the box was a brand new charger. It doesn't have any scratches or marks. It works perfectly and I'm very happy with it. Works really good so far! I am happy with the purchase It appears like Unlocked but it's really unlocked. I leave in Brazil and it is not working here. What do you suggest? This seller ships amazing refurbished iPhones. Don't hesitate to get if you are in the market for one or more. I purchased 4, all came exactly as described and looked brand new. I bought some via eBay and was sorely disappointed but will only be looking for refurbished through amazon sellers in the future. Don't waste your money. Phone was scratched, and battery died at 22% and 33%. You can do better. Description said it was compatible with AT&T and T-Mobil, got the phone and put my sim card in it and it just said searching. I then took it to AT&T and they said that the phone was not compatible with AT&T. Very disappointed with the customer service provided with the buyer. Great condition! Perfect condition! I got this as a Christmas gift and beyond happy, no scratches or scuffs. 10/10 would recommend, thank you. purchased for my grandson. He loves it. The phone had no scratches or blemishes, looked brand new. I will never purchase a new phone again. Defective items here Hi this iPhone bought it as unlocked en i can not use it. I request that it be unlocked in order to use it. Thank you. arrived on time and works great! Everything is A OK except for the battery. I had to update this phone to iOS 10.2 which I heard messed with the battery life in other phones so I don't know if this is an issue relating to that or the phone itself but it's an issue nonetheless. My phone will charge to 100% and everything is fine until I get to about 75%. My phone will drop to 14% or below in minutes and when I plug it in, the phone says it's charged 50% or so when it just told me it was 14%. It doesn't make sense! I will update my review when Apple updates iOS to see if the issue is fixed. The phone arrived one day late, but Amazon refunded the entire shipping cost. It looked brand new and runs great! Completely worth the money. Looks used missing accessories I ordered the iPhone 6 64 gigabyte and looking through the package, the iPhone is freaking bent. Wasted my time and money. AVOID LIKE HERPES The iPhone 6 came in as expected. Looked great. No headphones. I put ATT Sim card in it and after a little back and forth with ATT support was up and running. Worked out well. I ordered 2 iphone 6. One was fine. The other was trash. Imagine your two teen daughters on Christmas morning.. one phone works, one doesn't. This is a 50/50 crap shoot with this company. It cost me ANOTHER 200 at the Apple store to repair one. I would recommend playing the lotto before using this company. Your odds might be better. The phone arrived in good working order. There was a big scratch on the back near the charging port that I would classify as more than normal wear and tear. I bought two of this for my girl Christmas, but one is not working well so I'm going to send it back 20% of the time shut down for no reason, often touch screen failure, horizontal screen is broken, really a garbage phone The phone was scratched. I sent this phone over seas as a present. And I was disappointed I wish I made purchase from apple store Works perfectly. It was a very quick transaction. the phone touch is not working properly ... it has scratches.. i will not recommend it Exactly as advertised. High quality product and delivered on time. Shipping was great accessories were all there but phone does not function correctly. Home ID touch button does not work and phone has frozen and completely shut down at least once a day. I've had phone for 4 days and I'll be returning it asap. Telephone without headsets and without original charge. I just returned it because I got a cheap one The phone is locked need pay 84 dollars for activation I cant connect to boost wth Definitely recommend even though a bit pricy The Phone is scraped off and the mic and speakers have a horrible sound while listening to music or watching videos. I don't buy this damaged phone i want a New one. Very disappointed. The back of the phone was sun-damaged from the prior owner's case. The battery was terrible and the phone would shut down at 50% battery life. It did not fully charge either. On top of everything, no one picks up on the customer service line for Mango Wireless. I left two messages and received no response. Save yourself a headache and DO NOT BUY. Item was described and on time, thanks so much! I received a defective product. Please do not order from this seller I just order my iPhone and it keeps restarting and shutting off, every time I text the screen will quit work!! What do I need to do about this? Great product! It came with 3 small scratches on the body, but otherwise perfect condition. Works perfectly, and came in great condition. Months and months later I am still using it and I am very pleased. Phone showed up like brand new, hooked up to Cricket with no problems, what an Amazing deal!, Arrived earlier than expected. Phone looked brand new and works great! Great phone, my son loves it, it works great. Great product, like new. Would recommend this product and company. CuI am very disappointed with this purchase because I bought the iphone I had to deliver to a friend's house and that friend brought to Brazil. Arriving here I put to load because it was without load I left the whole night carrying, when I called it lasted 20 minutes on and hung up. I charged again it was 5 minutes and it turned off now and now HOW DO I SOLVE THIS PROBLEM? Perfect. Really happy. Great upgrade from my broken and glitchy 5gb iphone 5c. Perfect. On time The phone was in okay shape. Some dings around the camera area but it was marked STOLEN when we tried to activate it. Haven't been able to activate it yet but we will keep you posted. This was a gift for my daughter and she's VERY happy with it! Price dropped after a few days. I paid 382. Price dropped to 365. No phone! Didn't get the 64GB like I paid for. But a 16GB instead doesn't unlock I believe tried with metro pc sim card and no service The phone was great and works just like it should Came as promised. Thank you WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER RECEIVED. I AM FORCED TO RETURN. PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS REFURBISHED TRASH. This phone has functionality issues. I have no idea how this seller passed our extremely high bar for the certified refurbished program. Straight out of the package, the screen cover, which I am willing to send a screenshot of, has a sticker on it that tells me that I need to go apn.gishan.net/(long string of address text) as a requirement for the phone to work. I did not do this as I am concerned about security. After inserting the SIM card, I had no issues with talk or data, but there are three main issues that I cannot get past. -Bluetooth does not work -A blank gray screen occasionally comes down when touching the home button. This comes out of nowhere and happens when I am on the home screen and in apps. -The phone does not allow text message responses via the notification screen - a feature that was added in Apple's latest update. I will be returning this phone as soon as I have a replacement in hand, and not from this seller. I am hoping that this is a one off experience and not a regular occurrence for Amazon's customers. This has been a very frustrating experience for myself and my wife who is using the phone for her business. The service was fast shipping great deal The worst battery life I've seen on ANY cell phone in at least 10 years! There is NO QUALITY CONTROL!! How could any cell phone be shipped in good faith that lasts less than an hour!! My only real option is to spend a fortune and have the battery replaced locally. Pathetic!! THERE IS A ZERO PERCENT CHANCE THIS WAS ACTUALLY 'REFURBISHED'!! Flash light and camera flash is not working Product arrived on time. It appears new. So far everything works perfectly. Not working properly. phone is getting switched off over and over even with 60% of battery. Received this product and the phone did not turn on at all. Will be contacting them to return this product. I tried to charge it overnight and the iPhone is completely dead. Complete waste. Screen scratched in several places Home button difficult to press and clicks as if it is not attached just so Screen is dim but will not know if the brightness can be adjusted until the recipient of the gift inserts a SIM card and gains access to the phone Unfortunately, I am incredibly disappointed. The phone was in great shape and worked as expected. Very satisfied with the product. i bought an iphone 6 silver 64gb it was like new no scratch and all works great, the only problem its that when i take a picture or screenshot the shutter sounds annoying and very loud even though i tried to place it in silent, its so annoying The phone came in today. It worked for a couple of hours and then froze. What am I even supposed to do? Really nice, met my expectations. I just wish it came with headphones. It came earlier then what it was supposed to come , looks great & my boyfriend loves his new iPhone I bought a phone last week and it was perfect but I lost it so I bought another but this one dies all the time. Like it just shuts off at 70% I want to exchange it for a WORKING PHONE ! No issues Unfortunately, one of the phones I got from you didn't work and I'm constantly being harassed by the buyer for selling them a phone that doesn't work, I had to refund them and bear the loss...the other 6 were good. Everything was great, except for the fact that iMessage and FaceTime wouldn't work. If this weren't the case, I would have rated 5 stars. Excellent Product :-) The phone went haywire. Sending ramndon texts, calls, opening apps, etc. So disappointing, now it'll be two weeks before I have a phone again. They don't give you the option for just a replacement. You have to get refunded. I don't need money! I need a working phone! This is ridiculous. Great product DON'T BUY IT THERE IS NO PHONE IN THE BOX!!! REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS. IT'S FRAUD. THERE IS NO PHONE IN THE BOX! NO PHONE! FRAUD! SCAM! Fast delivery and as expected quality! The phone is in perfect conditions, like a brand new one. Thank you so much! Great looks like new. NO problems yet. The phone requires some tuning for it to grab your carrier's network, and all the help you get is a label that says go to this website and figure it out yourself. It does requiere a fair amount of patience, and when I finally got there, the menu I had to go to is not available because "the phone has not unlocked". WHAT?! So that basically means that I cannot do the special tuning and got myself a nice little brick in the shape of an iPhone. Also, the home button dances around its place, when it should be fixed in place. Will give the seller one more chance; I'll call them tomorrow morning to see what they have to say, but most likely this points to be a return. Update: I got an email back from the seller saying nothing more than the equivalent of "Sorry, bro..." That was it. Not a single attempt to make it good or to address the issue. Needless to say, I returned the item and Amazon reimbursed me fully. Customer Name :jacob costales, Review Date: on December 6, 2016, Rating: 1.0 out of 5 stars, Verified Purchase: Verified Purchase, Size: Size: 64 GB|Color: Space Gray, Review Message: I received the package but when I opened the box I did not have the cell phone, I need the cell phone or to get the money back The phone came in pristine condition and I'm glad it did. Other customers got their phones with scuffs and scratches. I guess i just got a good phone. I would have given it 5 stars if it came with a real apple cable because the one in the box couldn't transfer data. One week after my return window closed, the iphone I purchased began having problems. The home button quit working and it says "unable to active touch ID on this iPhone. When I try to set up the touch ID in the settings, it fails. I had no problem setting it up when I first received it. I'm very unhappy with this purchase. It's too late to return it. Product is awesome. I posted a good review and that same day my touch screen wouldn't work! It was fine for two weeks, then all of a sudden the touch screen stopped for half a day, worked fine again, stopped, worked, on and on. Took it to a store and they said the screen was bad, that it would be 120 for a new one. Now I have to wait until they receive my return to get my money back to get another phone. So this left me very sad and inconvenienced. like new excellent condition It has been great, exactly as described arrived in good shape. Recently I have bought phones that come packed for a garage sale, dirty etc. not the case w/this phone, works just like an iPhone should. Thanos The left side of the touch does not work at times. I am going to return it. cheap, but it serves the purpose of protecting my phone and holding my cards. good magnet closure. inflated price for the product. but i could not find a quality case that holds cards. feels cardboard-ish. The cell phone IP 6 is excellent, without scratch or fault. But the charging unit heats up, perhaps it's normal, but it is worrying. I lost my IPh. 5 , fried by the charger in South America (200 volts). I wasn't too thrilled with my purchase, I thought it would've came in the case, because it said new certified refurbished. It only came with the iPhone and a dirty wall charger. I should've paid an extra $200 & bought a brand new one. Excellent Product.But needs to provide in a good packing with all accessories.. I am not an ace in technology. 5 stars because I am overwhelmed and did not fully figured out all its features,apps,etc. I received the item and it was not working properly. After I set up the phone it was working properly for the first hours. Then it would start restarting every few minutes. Now the phone doesn't work at all and restarts every few seconds. Its an endless loop of restarts. If I actually get the phone to turn on properly it would work for a few minutes/seconds and then start the loop again. Good phone, no problems! This phone was sent overseas and when it got there it would not accept the SIM card from the owner's previous phone. I'm not sure what the problem was, perhaps operator trouble. Like new! It doesn't work with my husband's at&t chip. It turned on and everything but no service. We thought it was at&t but they said his service is active and working so I'm very disappointed and would like a solution to this. Thank you I don't know what they called certified refurbished, but all i received was a severly dented and scratched phone with a new screen. Also, it won't even turn on! DON'T BUY AND WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS. Do not buy this. Amazon itself is a scam This phone worked for 1 day after I received it. Issues with the screen remaining lit. I am completely disappointed. Repairs will require micro soldering on the motherboard. I will never purchase another refurbished electronic item from here. This is my first negative experience with purchases here. I'm not satisfied because because the item did not come full incomplete security and headphones What is the reason Product delivered as described! The phone didn't work, it was lighter than it should be compared to other this sized iphones and didn't work even when charging. I guessed that it doesn't have a battery and that's why it's so much lighter. GOING TO RETURN Not unlocked Don't listen to the people who said that this iPhone doesn't work well or the case doesn't include chargers, it includes everything you need! *does not come with original apple box* Received an iPhone in like new condition cosmetically, but I don't believe it was legitimately refurbished. The battery only lasts about 1/2 to 3/4 of the day on a full charge and the phone randomly shuts off with like 30% battery life remaining, saying the battery is dead. The packaging and the charger are not from Apple. No earphones or instructions were included. (The charger is the only one of those items I cared about, but, if it makes a difference to anyone else, that is what to expect. Very disappointed. works amazing. came in very high quality in a new box. however the charger did not work. i tried in severa different outlets. but the phone was perfect. no cracks or scratches on the screen or the metal on the back. functions very well THe Audio is very bad! I am returning it! Great product. Just like new, packaging and everything, besides the fact that there are no headphones (which was something I was looking forward to) but still it's a good phone. Works flawlessly haven't had a problem yet. Good so far! I bought it 3 months ago!! Camera doesn't work! For absolutely no reason, from the day I turned it on, the camera does not work. Ridiculous. It's fine but haven't used it much the phone doesn't work , no charger no nothing Some functions is not working. Excelent product much better than the photo. I bought this refurbished iPhone from Amazon and I had a TERRIBLE experience with the battery life of my new phone. I was carrying my phone in my pocket on the train and noticed that after the 30 minutes ride I was down to 70%... The phone went from 100-70% in 30 minutes of general use with low brightness and most settings off. I don't recommend anyone to buy it. I got this phone Monday and it's keep cutting off when it's fully charged.why is this happening Did not come in the original box, it was in a plastic box. Came with a 3rd party charger and cable. iPhone had a sticker on the back. However it did boot up and is operational. Should state that it was not going to be in the original box and not have the original great! Looks new, no scratches are all, I recommend Phone worked for a month. Now it wont hold a charge and I can't use text message or the camera. This phone was a complete dud!! It was a good quality phone couldnt conduct a phone conversation, everyone said my voice was too muffled I purchased this phone for my granddaughter (14) who needed more memory. So far, so good! She is very pleased with it. It arrived as promised with everything in the box. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that we've only had it a week. Excellent no problems what so ever...let new love it sooooooooo much' : This phone was as described. It had one small scratch on the back. No big deal. We will see if it performs over time. Getting a warranty on this item is difficult through third party sellers. Square Trade, always my go to, seems now expensive, has deductibles(99.00) and requires a purchase of a used phone through a carrier that has the phone currently insured or is new. You must contact the seller because clicking on the warranty link takes you to a page that tells you to contact the seller. OK, how? Not readily available. So we must be covered by the warranty of all refurbished items per Amazon-90 days? It would appear that for a few dollars more you can get a refurbished phone from Apple ( this is new since I ordered my phone here) with a one-year warranty (note that is a limited warranty). Because of these uncertainties I have knocked off one star. Caveat emptor. Phone did not work at all. It would only have power if it was plugged into a charger. It would shut off randomly, even when fully charged. Great product/I was nervous about buying a refurbished phone-everything worked perfectly!! Saved me the hassle and tons if money that Verizon wanted. Very satisfied :) Thanks very nice. v. good I have receive my package it look good the iPhone 6 look clean but the surprise come within when I turn the phone on it was normal set up then when I try turn off phone I can't because the side button doesn't function and once in awhile with full battery charges the phone go into a black screen apple icon blinking mode for no reason. It's not working! The SIM card is not recognized. Works and looks great! Came in basically new Terrific! Phone looked brand new and worked flawlessly with Net10. I didn't even need to fiddle with the APN settings. Just popped in the sim and BAM! Worked perfectly! My phone came in awesome condition. It says that is a refurbished phone, but it came to me like a brand new phone. The only thing I didn't like was that it was packaged inside of a small zip lock type thing inside of a big box, and it wasn't protected inside of bubble wrap. Everything else was perfect the sound works good, the videos play well, and it works completely fine. Thanks to everyone who had great reviews to push me to get mine. Excellent Phone has begun to die very quickly. I was just at 50%, looked back at my phone and am now at 15%. It also sometimes dies at 15%, much higher than when they are supposed to die at 1%. Thinking about contacting them to get a new one. : so far i have detected no problems. (y) and i am especially happy that it came with ios 9 and not 10. i happened to personally like the 9 more the 10. Had to send back after only 3 days. Screen flickering and battery draining fast, getting hot. Came on time. Came as read. No problems I have never used this device because it don't read 2 sims. I was out of country. Now I pass 30 days return policy. Wow..... I don't refund I want to have exchange. You can check... never used ... It's very good. I like it. This was a big from my previous phone. Love it. The shipping was fast and iPhone looked in great condition. However the 3.5 mm headphone jack failed to deliver any output , the sound was garbled with noise. I wanted to take this out of United States, I am glad I checked this before I gifted this. no box no accsessiores.! Works fine so far. My carrier took it. This item came perfect! I love the phone and it came with everything it said it would. It is easy to use, it has absolutely no problems. Everything perfect, thanks!! FLAWLESS!!! Well Satisfied!!! It seem like a new one ! Work perfect ! I felt like taking a chance on buying a refurbished phone although I saw mixed reviews for this product. I am very satisfied with this purchase. My iPhone came with ZERO scratches. It was as new as it can get.The battery, all the buttons, fingerprint sensor were all in excellent condition. I would strongly suggest buying refurbished and saving 100s. Bought it for sister, she loves it fantastic Update 3-27-17. Took the phone to the Apple Store to replace the screen and discovered the phone is a counterfeit phone. According to Apple this is very common and they cannot service the phone under any circumstances. the phone is working now. I had a problem with charging it. I bought another charger because they sent me a universal charger. I bought the phone for my 17 years old son, had minor scratches in the back barely noticeable, but the functionality has been perfect, is the most important, my son is happy!! I love my phone, It's amazing. everything is perfect I surely will be ordering again. Not new looking. That's for sure. Not well refurbished. Prompt refund hence the two stars It's as good as new. I bought 2 iPhones with this seller, both have problems and I can't return them. excellent Good!! It's very difficult to find internet and also couple os time don't read the SIM card Is not an accurate description,the phone is all scratched up the double click home button for Apple Pay don't work.the paint in the back is wearing of The packing was not good...came in a plastic Cover which looked old...scratches on phone and no documents. The phone came in great condition. Very easy to use and works perfectly fine. could not unlock it Not compatible with metro pcs or T-Mobile network,don't waste your time and money on buying this. It's been 7 months since I bought this phone & it works just like a brand new one!! I rec'd a 90 day warranty but the charging port has gone bad on the phone. Phone will not charge... Email sent to seller... No response as of yet! Recieved item and screen does not function properly, works for a moment then just fades out. the product has a lot of damages (risks). This product was not compatible with my carrier and I had to just get trade in value. Then I had to buy a new phone! Very Good !!! Exactly as advertised ESTAFA They send me a defective iPhone, some thing doesn't work, for example the Siri function still inactive, for some hardware reason, the front camera it doesn't work after 1 months and some days, really upset about it, and I can't returned because the returning time expired, not buying anymore electronic products in amazon, it sucks. Not Work !! So far so good. Battery life is decent, it is 128gb as bargained and has a clean IMEI. Nothing is abnormal so far. I use cricket and it is working. Phone was defective : DO NOT BUY IT. I decided to buy this phone even though there were a lot of bad reviews and I fully regret. I bought this UNLOCKED phone and when I tried to put my SIM card in, it had no service. After taking it to 4 different tech places they told me the phone was LOCKED BY SPRINT. I am still trying to figure out what to do with it. Don't buy, it will just cause problems. I could not believe the condition of this phone. There was not a scratch. It looked brand new and works perfectly. I could not be happier with this phone. Perfect phone! looks giid I bought it for my brother's wife which was sent to Europe after I received it. After first try stopped working. waste of money. He tried to fix it, but men in workshop said that main chip died. : I love it! The gigabytes alone make me a happy man! It functions well, plays music greatly in comparison to the iPod touch fifth generation that I used to own. Great processing speed as well! The phone arrived on time. So far, so good. Seems to be in good working order. Hopefully that continues past the 90 day warranty. Good price for the storage. Phone is in good shape and it worked no problem. iPhone 6 looked and worked like new no problems or complaints here https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00YD547Q6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 I loved this cellphone. It is super!!!! Thank You I was out of town when it arrived and I couldn't wait to get home. Finally after a week I got to opened the package and love it! This phone came just as described and looked brand new---I couldn't find a single scratch or imperfection. It came with a charger that also looked new. The packaging was very secure and there was a plastic cover on the phone screen to protect it. So far, so good. I was easily able to insert my T-Mobile SIM card and get right to using it. I would highly recommend! doesn't work Received this phone, got it activated and loaded with all pictures, contacts, videos, etc. Stopped working after 2 days. Took it into Apple hoping to restart it and was told the hardware was faulty and could not be fixed. Returned for refund. Also realized we could purchase a brand new phone for only $30 more. I couldn't even use it, it wouldn't work with any SIM card that T-Mobile had. Even though i chnrged the cellphone for an hour, i am not able to turn on the cellphone. Amazon Customer, Review Date: on October 3, 2016, Rating: 5.0 out of 5 stars, Verified Purchase: Verified Purchase, Size: Size: 64 GB|Color: Gold, Review Message: Everything is cool There was minor scratches.. Nothing serious. But works good. worked for 3 weeks then started freezing and screen went black. Only worked again once the phone battery completely died. Would not buy not worth the hassle. NO COMPREM! No funciona!!! Tive um super prejuzo e no consigo devolver ! Como uma empresa pode ter um certificado que no vale nada ? Esse iPhone me saiu 2x mais caro!!!! DEVOLVA O MEU DINHEIRO! DO NOT BUY! Does not work!!! I had a super injury and can not return! As a company may have a certificate that is not worth anything? This iPhone left me 2x more expensive !!!! RETURN MY MONEY! Everything according the description. A few scratches on it. Great phone! Bought it to trade in to my cell phone provider in order to get the brand-new iPhone 7! And my new iPhone 7 is already on the way to me I paid $479 on Amazon in order to do trade-in ( you get a free iPhone 7 if you turn in your iPhone 5S, 6, 6s...) instead of $679 with my provider Winning! So far, I've had this phone for about three months now, so I think I clean leave a clear review of it. I've been a fan of refurbished products, mostly because they're made sure that they work well. On the down side.. there might be a few scratches or light damage. When I received the phone, it had a few scratches towards the left bottom side of the phone, but I didn't mind. What I cared about, was the software. Soon as I turned that baby on, I was in love. Since then, the iPhone has been working perfectly. So if you don't mind light damages/scratches, this would be the product for you. It is exactly what I wanted, thank you! This phone did not work properly. I have purchased other phones and was pleased but this phone just did not allow access without shutting phone off all the time. OK Awesome product !!! Received both phones in amazing condition!! AWFUL!! The cell phone stoppped working in its 2nd day. Definitely, it is not certified refurbished!! It's really embarrassing to buy a certified product and it fails on its second day. Couldn't get it to recognize a sim card, had to return it I need to contact the manufacturer of this product and do not know how to personally. Can someone please direct me in the right way Price was high This was the absolute worst purchase I've ever made on Amazon. The phone stopped working. Apple won't touch it. But, they'll sell me a new one. They tried everything. I bought two of them. As is. No warranty. No protection plan. I'm screwed. Terrible purchase the phone has been messing up since I got it This replaces a lost iPhone 5. I have only used the phone for two days but it seems to do everything expected of it. An obvious improvement over the 5 and I expect it to serve me well. Although it is eligible for a trade-in for the new 7 during the month of September via my AT&T plan, I doubt that I will take advantage of that, the main reason being the need for the wireless over-the-ear phones which I don't think I want. Phone arrived in pristine condition, as advertised. Excellent service via Amazon Prime as usual. Extremely excited this phone is amazing I've only had it three days but it is beautiful great and I love it no problems as of yet and I sure hope not to get any scratches it was perfectly intact I got this iPhone 6, open the box and there was the accesorios but no iphone. I'm very disappointed It was a very good deal, It works perfectly and it was delivered without delays. the frame is damaged. The color I ordered is gold but I received grey one and the front camera glass hole is not quite aligned . The phone works fine at this time. the co. Breed and others should let buyers know about this 10% re-stocking fee and any other hidden fees for returning items. Not satisfied at all. the mute button doesn't work and I'm unable to manually mute it! I've tried EVERYTHING! Don't waste your money, spend that extra 100 on the 6s it really does go a long way...plus the camera is horrible Works just as described! Worked with metro pcs. Didn't receive any headphones with it!! The condition is excellent. I can't distinguish this from a new one, Works great. I have no complaints. Came defective, touch screen doesn't work. If I could give it no stars I would. Need more money back asap This iPhone doesnt Work at all. Battery dies in a couple of minutes. Completely dissapointed. The phone seems new. Worked exceptional for 1 full week. In the 2nd week I was encountered with network issues as it failed to find any network. Now I'm forced to return the phone great condition Everyting went great Great phone works well no complaints Product was as expected. I am satisfied and really hoping this refurb lasts! Yes I really love this item. This was unbeatable offer. I was very satisfied with this product. It arrived with a cracked screen I got this from some friend in Asia and it work right out of the box. the phone is use but it look new to me and it is unlock to use for any carrier. When I first got the phone I call Apple and give them IMEI number and it is clean phone no icloud lock or stolen phone I took a chance and ordered a referbished phone . The phone is in mint condition not a single scratch I'm very pleased,money well spent i would definitely buy from this seller again and would recommend to all i know Absolutely love it! Good item This was my second time buying an iphone on Amazon as the previous one was blacklisted. Upon arrival, I noticed that this "refurbished" product never had its screen installed properly. I could push the screen on the bottom right corner, indicating that the screen itself wasn't 100% in tact. I will be returning it as I didn't sign up for that. Also, the screen is starting to not register my movements, which sucks. Great Works like new The phone worked well for a week then it went into recovery mode every single time it was set down for just a few seconds. If that has never happened to you just know its VERY annoying because you can't turn it back on you have to do a hard reset to turn it back every single time! When I bought the phone it said NEW so I was very disappointed to pay $500+ for a phone that didn't work. I even took it to apple and they told me it had to be replaced but the phone had no warranty so it would be another $300. Therefore if you are buying from this seller be careful and atch your 30 day return. I got this iphone in October,2015 which looked good when I got it. But after 8 months, my phone got turned off overnight and its not turning on. Seller is saying that item is out of warranty.But personally I have not heard of this kind of issue in iphones. Very happy with this one. I ordered this phone for my daughter and she loves it. It works great. It's great! Love the iphone 6! Its ok ,.. Good condition - fast shipping - works fine with minor defect in screen but overall pretty good deal Right from the start this "certified refurbished" phone was often unresponsive and frequently froze up. The only way to revive it was to do a hard power-off and reboot it, and even that only worked some of the times. I returned the phone and three weeks later got a replacement, which was even worse: I could not even activate it, as it was frozen from the start. Some on-line research has revealed that this problem is common with the iPhone 6: it is a design problem that has been labeled "Touch Disease". Apparently the touch chips on the logic board often partially break off and you get intermittent electrical connections. I'll have to take it to an Apple store and see what they can do about it. Yes Great phone. It's works perfectly fine. This was actually the cheapest offer I seen. The phone came in great condition and works up to its potential. I love it I was slightly skeptical after reading the reviews, but the phone I received was in great condition. Operates as if it is brand new, the battery is the only thing I can kind of critique. It does not last as long as a brand new phone typically would, but they send you a brand new charger that to me makes up for it! Fantastic Very satisfied with purchase Very happy with the price and the quality thank you Excellent product, very satisfied with the purchase. Super recomended. bought this phone new and the screen was already detached from the actual phone. The glass over the camera then proceeded to fall off, which I didn't even know was possible. This iPhone stopped working after 4 months of use and when I took it to the Apple store they said it's fake - not a refurbished iPhone as advertised by Amazon. I'm very pleased with both the phone and the execution of my order by the reseller. He Phine came in perfect condition and is was brand new. Came with headphones and a charger. The phone was real and had a perfect price. This is definitely worth your money. Generally fine except that the battery life is way too short. Needs to be charged more than once a day, which is simply unacceptable. Love it Battery was not able sustain more than two hours I order gold and you bring me gray . And also it's not new . i love it Works perfectly! I keep forgetting that it's not brand new -- looks, feels, and acts brand new. Would definitely recommend! I had an issue with the charger pod not working but they sent out a replacement in a timely fashion and arrived a day or two later. 10/10 Great condition, no visible flaws whatsoever. However be warned that the software in this phone had not been updated yet. (It was still in 8 and the current software is iOS 9.3.4) It didn't come with headphones still going 8 months later... good product. Great.... Excellent..... They advertised a GSM iPhone and then sent a CDMA iPhone instead. Tried to tell me it was the same network since I could use the iPhone. It would work if you like to access the internet at a dial up speed. Buyer beware... yess nice it was I liked the iPhone 6 It's perfect no defects and comes just with charger The phone sends pics and texts on its own. Like the screen is being touched and selecting things. Also gets poor reception compared to other iPhones in the same room It is good Everything tested? Not so sure about that. Mine was shipped with a loose home button and sticky side volume buttons to start. After a month of use the screen is starting to come off causing usage errors. Extremely disappointed. I guess that's what I get for being cheap and getting "certified" refurbished. I shouldn't have skimp on paying extra $158 for a brand new one! Lesson learned big time. Now I will have to buy a brand new one as this "certified" one has been acting up frequently, afraid it will not last much longer. Sad. Such a good price and it is perfect. Amazing!!! Not original. Totally fake. This phone took a little while to get here although it did *tecnhically* arrive a couple days early. There were no scratches on the phone and it was incredibly easy to transfer to my plan. Excellent so far great phone! Looks brand new works and works perfectly Does not work properly, Just ordered a new one.. The phone is not unlocked. I had bought it for my nephew in Argentina and he cannot use it. This was the biggest steal. I am waiting for them to send it back from Argentina so that I can return it and get my money back Very happy with my phone Its really a good product Ok Everything works fine The phone works perfectly , but the charger sent with the item is not good. I have problems with the cable, it doesn't work perfect. When i connect to my iphone it says is not the original cable.But the iphone works ok! It was used equipment I'm highly upset I bought two refurbished iphone 6 in February of 2016 and both phones was broken by June same yr. Love it Hey its an iPhone. This phone was not working when we received. Keypad wouldn't work on and off. Stay away... bought phone not working anymore after a few months without doing anything unusual to it. Return policy is like 3 weeks. so disappointed. impossible to reach these folks. Definitely do not recommend they refurbished products. The purchaser was pleased especially that it has 64GB, had no problem using this unlocked phone it was ready to go in the island Works great!!! Very good Outstanding phone, as are most of the IPhone units, this particular unit has more than enough storage for music, pictures, and short videos. Excellent price, high quality. It is durable enough for my 13 year old for whom this was purchased. Would highly recommend this unit and the seller. Service was excellent, product was very competitively priced and delivered as promised. Good! Really like the iPhone 6. Fits nicely in purse or pocket. Still learning how to do all I can with it. Get better service with my carrier than on other cell.phones I have had especially in the building where I live. Will be holding on to this one a good while. Charger stopped working within 2 wks. On day 97, volume button and antennae stopped working (it seems stuck in the pressed state with an icon remaining on the center of the screen for extended periods of time). This does not seem like a coincidence considering there is a 90 day minimum warranty. Apple states item is worth nothing and needs to be replaced. I have a useless item and was sold a lemon. I have requested to return this item and am waiting to hear back from the seller. I am concerned that I may have just made a $599 donation to this company for three months use of this phone. I am also concerned that this is a 'Certified Refurbished' item through Amazon. Using the unlockedd phone in Costa Rica and works perfect. Most likley buy another Excelente The phone was really bad. The home button doesn work good, was broken and didn came with headphones. Don recomend it. Product was as expected I was skeptical, but the product came in pristine condition. There were no scratches or even a mark. So far so good. Thank you Exellent ! It was ite Good.... I'm using it to write this... It's very fast, it has no problems yet, very fast and worth the money. The phone has a very large stain on the back and the front camera is not placed bine . Is it refurbished?: Yes. Is it certified? I don't believe so. The home button is not a smooth as my other iPhone's home button. It is a small or big annoyance depending what were you expecting for. But from there everything is as you expected with an Apple iPhone. Everything perfect!! Everything went as planned. DO NOT buy certified refurbished, they'll rip you off of your money. After 3 months of having a normal functioning Iphone, the backlight of the screen has shut off. Although the phone is on, receiving calls, and making calls (via Siri), the phone is practically useless. Now, the warranty has expired and im left with -$500 to waste. Exactly what I wanted. I have so much storage I almost don't know what to do with it all :D which is great cause my last phone had only 5 gb of storage and I was determined not to be constantly running out of storage again. Super easy to just move my old sim card from my iPhone 5 to this one. Using Straight Talk as my carrier and wasn't sure if that would give me issues but it worked great Phone was poorly fixed . Bought it and screws fell out phone stopped working.. The phone was locked even if it's written that it's factory unlocked I couldn't activate Metro PCS sim card on this iPhone I was very nervous purchasing from an unknown company that could've easily ripped me off, but couldn't afford a brand new phone. Very happy to say that I've had my phone for about 5 months now and there is absolutely nothing wrong with it! I works perfectly! I'm giving it a 4 because the mute and unmute button part ripped. It's a great case just that part is bad. That part will last you 3-4 months then rip. Other then that love the case. without accesories but it works Awseome Excellent service of delivery. The phone is ok. Love my iphone Works perfectly, only a small scratch on the side. I'm not really satisfied coz front cover is not original . I love my iPhone 6. Very good had no problems with it and already had it for a few months. Mine came with the head phones and charger. The phone is great. I have it set up as a tracfone. Getting the Data working was a bit of pain. God bless them, but tracfone support are helpless when it comes to B.Y.O.phone. Turns out that to get the data to work you have to set up the A.P.N and M.M.C.S on an i-phone 6 but i.O.S will not let you manually adjust the settings. The link tracfone provides for setting up this profile Did Not Work, for me at any rate. After a lot of google research I discovered this app that sets it up for you, Unlockit.co.nz it worked like a dream. Now I have phone and data. I already had a tracfone log in so all I had left to do was down load the tracfone app from the app store so I could monitor my available minutes, s.m.s and data. I hope this helps others avoid a lot of frustration. Oh, and straight talk is basically tracfone so this might help those users as well. The phone itself looks brand new as far as I can tell. No scratches or ware and tare of any kind. No ear buds (as expected) but it did come with the wall charger and lighting to USB cable. Call clarity has improved (compared to i-phone 4) and Siri can be useful at times. I have also used the google maps navigation app and it is an adequate replacement for a stand alone GPS. I highly recommend getting some kind of cover/case. You don't really need a screen protector thanks to gorilla glass, but you will regret dropping this phone as the corners will show impacts. It is a slippery little devil, it almost jumps out of your hand like the "precious" thing it is. I think the size is just right and the "reach" feature is helpful. The only thing that would be better is battery life, and for the love of god let me expand the memory. This is the primary reason it only rates 4 stars. No headphones and no charger with it Bought it a couple months ago and still works good, great condition, excellent product It came with a defective battery Phone is as described. WARNING DO NOT BUY this item!!! Save yourself the headache and frustration from buying this phone! It came water DAMAGED with a BIG red spot on the left side of the screen. The packaging it came in looked getto and beyond used.. Very satisfyied Good tanks very much, beatufull my iPhone I bought these phones for my parents to take to Germany to work with the refugee camps. They arrived in Germany after return policy, when they activated the phone the microphone doesn't work. It meet my expectations very nices i love it Ottimo acquisto , The pone is not factor y unlocked and the Touch ID dont work. The rest seams to be ok It is as per my expectation I bought this iPhone and I was so nervous about it , but when I got it it's really look great not Marlon it at all, it looks new I like it The one star is because the seller accepted my return request immediately. The screen and case were scratched, but most importantly: The camera didn't work! No focus! Back it went. Bought new. Fifty dollars more. My advice is: don't waste your time with setup & troubleshooting an iffy device. My cellphone has a serious problem. I can't turn it on. The charger isn't working, I tried other chargers and all of them doesn't work. I can't use it, what can I do to change the product or fix that problem? Got the product the same day with prime. It was refurbished but no scratches. Everything was not completely erased, but works fine. Phone was nice but there wasn't headphone Phone works great, andI should have expected the scratches around the corners because I bought it used! The shipment did not include the small key or the headphones. box came empty had a few months wasn't a unlocked phone and people can't understand me unless I am using headphones with mic plus only after a couple months and this doesn't leave desk where I charge it cable I use to charge is falling apart don't buy waste of money Thank You! I bought this iPhone on Nov. last year,however, recently, it has turned off automatically even if the battery had a lot of power! and it usually has no signal with cricket. today,i went to APPLE store to check the problem because the phone cannot turn on anymore!!! Apple staff told me I should pay USD299 to repair it because the seller is not authorized by them and it is out of warranty!!!! I just use the phone half A year!!!!!!!how can I do now. who is responsible for this>>??? I CONTACTed the seller but he said there just has 30 days warranty for this phone!!! WHAT THE HELL?? Works great, just minor details Good stuff and punctual Good Product works, came scratched and heavily dented. The phone is messed up. The ringtone is not working and the battery drains really fast. Im barely noticing it now that it was a month of me having it! This pissed me off! Because it have a fail in the screen, i have been here in the EE.UU for 8 days more, please i need an answer quickly.I bought mine about 6-7 months ago and it's still perfect. I definitely recommend buyin from this user. Despite questionable reviews, mine has no problems whatsoever and I've had it for so long. I recommend buying more from this seller 2 months now with no problems whatsoever. Very satisfied. : perfect as it should This phone wasn't UNLOCKED as it said so i have to pay for my own way to UNLCOCK IT, a very disapointed because i wanted to use it as fast as i had it, i have no trying the phone but whe i did i will edit this review. Poor battery life, poor cell reception, had to return it. Ear buds damaged Great. Works like new My phone came in about 4 days and looked basically new. Also very easy to switch SIM card for an AT&T carrier. Was factory unlocked All that I was led to believe it would be. And at a price considerably less than the "new" Good is ok Got it for my niece she loves it Excellent product. Thanks. Was not unlocked I returned it This phone was listed as certified refurbished and in like new condition. When it arrived, it first seemed to be in good condition, until I turned it on. It wouldn't connect to wifi and the only way to fix this is to reset the phone over and over until it connects. While it's connected to wifi, the wifi will cut off randomly. Sometimes it's connected for hours but often it's only for a few minutes. It has taken resetting it for over half an hour straight just to get it to connect. The phone also freezes many times a day and resets on its own, and has done this since the day I got it. I would not recommend buying a phone from this seller. Best saler Great packaging, comes with protective film, excellent work! Excelente This phone was delivered extremely quickly, in perfect condition. There was no sign of use at all. I inserted my T-mobile sim card into the phone and it worked right away. No complaints at all. I've had the phone for about a month now. Excelente producto I bought it for my wife as a present she absolutely loves it. Works great. Was just like new and arrived quickly. Only four stars due to it saying it was AT&T but the sticker on it ended up saying Verizon. Still was able to use it just fine and it had the SIM card slot. Only worked for 5 days before it completely broke. The creen starts flickering black and white checkers, lines, and boxes. For the first 3 days, I could just reset it and it would be good as new but after day 4 I can't even get the screen to clear of the glitch. Extremely disappointed I spent so much on something that didn't even last a week. Don't waste your money. Yes it did meet my expectations very much so I bought it for a friend, however, it just stopped function after several days because it had been used by too many people!!! Phone looks fine but is useless because its is not unlocked and customer service has not returned a message. Waiting.... Phone is in excellent condition. My husband loves it. Haven't had any issues. Put his sim card in and carried on with no changes. The phone was in great shape, had no problem getting service plan The outside looked like new. No complaints here. I had to do factory restore a couple of time because it did not want to start. Now that the warranty is expired, the phone is totally dead. I kept the software updated and the battery was charged. What can I say... I'm very disappointed. Perfect condition and came pretty fast. No complaints, especially for the price ! Got it on the next day! looks and feel brand new. Thw phone dosen't work!!! It came faulty, scratches and with the screen a little loose. I bought in my trip to Usa, so now is impossible to ask for a refund. Avoid this "refurbished" stuff! The Flash LED does not work - checked with Apple Customer Care at Apple Store and they did a hardware check and found that the flash light LED and Compass sensor are not working! This was a hardware fault when the phone was purchased from Amazon. Unfortunately I never noticed until i wanted to use the app recently and the flash light!! Great product, I have mine up and running on the Verizon network. Thanks! works perfectly fine, I received it with no scratches just like if it was brand new Thank you Love the phone! The only issue I have is that the speaker that is to use on Siri and when using the speaker phone for people to hear me has stopped working unless I yell into it. Perfect. Delivered on time, looks and works like new good Just like new, works perfectly, was really unlocked!! Nice product! I'm enjoying my iPhone 6. love it Had to buy two new parts. Excelente GREAT CONDITION!! It appears that this product (which was VERY expensive) only has a one month warranty against failure. Based on the previous reviews from this company, I thought that would be sufficient but alias, I was wrong. My cell phone is basically useless (not working properly). I've taken it in to Apple and they can't do anything since we purchased it from a second party; we will have to pay them full price to get the phone into working order. I strongly suggest, if you are going to purchase APPLE electronics that you purchase them from APPLE. I won't purchase from this company again. The phone came quickly and works great. Just day one but I am loving this phone!!! It was super easy to set up from my last one and works just like a new phone! It came with all the extra parts too like the charging cord, box, and even new headphones. Was in the iPhone box and everything packaged like it was never used before! Certainly worth the money! Payed a lot of money for said phone and had it activated Saturday March 19th. All seemed fine. Received first call on Monday and couldn't hear the caller. Thought maybe it was their phone. Nope it's this one. Seller won't take return! Now I have to get credit card involved for someone who sells junk! love it I am IN LOVE with my new phone. it works like a brand new phone. no complaints so far. Minor scratch on sides but phone is in great condition & works as brand new The phone is japanese so you cant turn off the shutter sound. This was not disclosed at the description. There is a spot at the rear side of the phone. There is a spot in the front screen. Nice!! i love it! My iPhone 6 came in just like I had bought it from AT&T brand new. It was unbelievable. I would definitely buy another phone from Square deal.com It's great. Love all of the GB! It was supposed to be an unlocked iPhone . But it came with and AT&T sticker on the back of it Supposed to be factory refurbished but went to US Cellular to get a sim card put in and they said it was already set up for AT&T so no way have it set up on the US Cellular network. It did have a few pictures on it which had not been cleared. Had to send it back I got it bent The iphone receover don't work. I can not hear the caller. When I am on a call or listening a voicemail i can not hear NOTHING. I am going to return the iphone and ask for my money The especifications said as good as new, it came with several dents and scratches. I received the iphone in bad conditions, because the software is wrong Bought this phone for my 15yrs old teen sister, thank God I didn't get criticize this time on this purchase. She was very happy & the phone is working really good. Ok. Very good Bad condition in functionality. Amazing. Worth the money. Works great!!! Very happy with this product. The screen show something wrong when I unlock the phone. I received an Iphone 6 but it was only 16 GB The phone is great no problems whatsoever. I ordered this for my younger sister and when it came in everything was exactly as stated in the description. Factory reset and in great condition. Was nervous about getting a refurbished phone but everything works perfectly fine. Charger had minor problems connecting. I got the phone yesterday ,everything was looking fine...i trough i made a good deal after all but not even a couple of hours the screen went black and when i tried to turn it on i got only a green stripe on the left side,it seems the display is defect . I returned the product right away . From my personal experience , don't buy refurbished products especially when you pay so much for a phone , put a little bit more and buy it new. Now i have to returnt it and wait for my refund and that's just a waste of time. Thanks god it started to show off the defects before was too late The Iphone 6 64 gb Unlocked that arrived to my house, was in bad shape. The cellphone, as you can see on the photos, is damaged. It dosnt look new as it says on the description of the product. It came without the manuals, charger and earbuds, also...as it says on the description of it. I wouldn't recommend it. Excellent Works and looks like a new one. This is strictly a product review as the seller was very expeditious and professional. The design and features are as good as expected for a company as successful as Apple. However, I was extremely disappointed when, after a few days having the phone, dropped it and the screen shattered to the point where it just didn't work. It wasn't thrown or dropped fromy very high. So, durability is nowhere near where it should be. This was my first iPhone, coming from a long time Samsung user. Needless to say, I went back with Samsung(GS6 edge) and am just disappointed that I wasted the money on the iPhone. Apple can't say I didn't give them a chance, however, back to the practical smart phone for me. Came earlier than expected and good quality. It arrived fine and looked much like it was described. However, it will not hold a charged and has to ist on the charger after only 5 hrs (with almost EVERYTHING) turned off. I did really like the extra long cord that came with it. Very pleased with this phone, and the fact that it came with headphones (noticibly fake) but they work the exact same! Great buy. I'm very happy with my Apple iPhone 6. Looks brand new and definitely met my expectations. I would've expected that I could use it on any network but I'm disappointed to find that I can't set it up with my network. nice Phone glass is littlebit scratch n than back site too it looks like old phone My Siri do not work and it runs slow. I want my money back Great! Very good condition and it was easy to set up so if you're looking for a new used I phone I highly recommend this. i just got it and been trying to charge it and two hours later still nothing i finally put my son charger and it charging as long as i don't move it The phone worked with my carrier (AT&T) no problem. It's a beautiful screen, with just a few small, barely noticeable scratches on the back, which isn't that big of a deal because I will be getting a case for my phone soon. Overall I am pleased. If you are worried about getting a refurbished phone, don't be! Hello, I liked the phone. It is working properly and looks good. I'm within the 90 day warranty. The problem is that the charger is not working. It tells me that this is not a verified apple product and has stopped charging. It's a big part of the phone to be able to use it! Could you please contact me so that I can get a replacement charger? Thank you! Was pretty skeptical on buying this from Amazon after reading the reviews. I'm a real believer of if it sounds too good to be true it probably is. I Had some problems with the shipping and thought it was becoming a scam but sure enough my phone arrived and in great condition. I was able to insert my old sim and start using almost right away. Definitely a good buy. Got exactly what I was told I was getting. i have problems with the iphone, the touch id was wrong Awesome phone in excellent condition. Worked perfectly. Only complaint was a little heart attack I had when I saw the sticker on the back of the phone read it was a Verizon phone which wouldn't work on the att network. Turned out that it was fine worked perfectly. Love my new iPhone 6. Oh, and super fast shipping! So far so good no dents no scratches and but its 11gb that's dissapointing cause that's bit enough for me for all the apps I download This phone needs d iCloud id and password of the previous user. It will not allow me to go in d phone. I love this phone it came perfectly functioning works great absolutely 5 star. Good Great phone for a great price!!! I'm a very happy customer Awesome The mobile is good I got in time Is having problems Came with no headphones, no key, a fake and brittle cable and a fake and super noisy charger. Its a gamble Works well--no problems. Arrived quickly. Came in early and as it said it would be. Same color charger and adapter included 5 star amazing packaging. it came in a well packaged box with safe interior cushions. the iphone came looking shiny and brand new! there was no problem setting up my device. i thought it had an issue with facetime however after rebooting the iphone everything worked perfectly fine. i also loved that this iphone is already unlocked which means it did not cost me more to start using my iphone! I like the phone, I had some problems with it at first but it seems to be Ok now. Phone works just fine! It was almost as new! Started right away!! Message: My daughter lover it! It's her pride and joy! Looks great and works even better! I recommend you purchase protective case, very thin and slippery! Great ! Exactly as described. Phone works great. No visible scratches or flaws at all. Product was just as listed and in great condition. Also cheaper than if bought in person at the Apple Store so would definitely recommend. I brought the iPhone 6 64GB in gold, and it came in PERFECT condition. This is the real deal... brand new at a reasonable price. I highly recommend this to anyone looking forward to saving on the iPhone 6. Broke after two days Phone had bugs, did not let me sign into my apple i.d Works great, looks great!! Everything ok with the purchase and the phone looks like a new one! Super happy with the iPhone6. The iPhone5 had battery problems and the iOS couldn't do some things on the iPhone5 that the iPhone6 can. It is bigger, thinner, lighter. Why did I wait so long? This phone was not unlocked! As I live overseas I had no way to return it. After calling Apple and then AT&T (who Apple told me was the carrier my phone was locked to), AT&T was able to unlock the phone for me in a few hours... but I was one of the lucky ones! If the previous phone owner had not respected their contract AT&T would have refused to unlock the phone... Phone was in excellent condition, but the SIM card reader was broken so phone would not work. Disappointed. Only have it for two weeks but so far it's perfectly fine and just what I wanted! I got this phone last Thursday. I was a little scared after reading the reviews! But it came like new ! No scratches or nothing. It was completely new. BUT the front camera was a little over lapped..once I used it, it wasn't defective at all which saved me the headache from returning it ! I love it! Good product. Thanks! Recived in damage condition Great phone. It was brand new and works perfect. Message: Not good screen keeps freezing up. Tried all the normal updates. Tried to return it but I missed the 30 days by one day. Now I stuck with a $500 phone. It was easy to connect to Simple Mobile, really good so far. I did want to return for a IPhone 6 plus but i'm happy with this phone. Works perfectly and I can hardly tell that it is refurbished rather than brand new. the phone came with the front camera in the wrong place and deep scratches all over, see the pictures The cell in very good physical condition and performance. The cable and hub to charge the battery soon not served, sent a message that is not original, so I had to buy these accessories in Ecuador are very expensive and found them worth $ 70. A part of this cell it works perfectly. Excellent works great Microphone didn't work and wasn't unlocked ended up being locked with T-Mobile and seller didn't respond for 2 days. It's what it said it was. Battery is good. Good Came without key to open it and right away has issues: when you pull up one screen the previous one can be seen behind it. I live overseas so returning it is a real hassle. I should've just paid extra for a new one . I bought this device as unlocked, but received one locked by T-Mobil. I already contatec them and they asked to return the device. The problem is I'm in Brazil and don't want to return the device. I just want a cellphone that works, as suposed to be. They can contact the carrier and ask the unlock. If they do this, I'll chenag my review. No good phones were locked had to send them both back Yes, it was for a gift. The person has been veryyyyyy happy with it. Just the battery seemed to be holding less power and has to charged more often. Wonderful new phone. I couldn't tell that it was refurbished...it looks like new. It was a Christmas gift for a family member and so so good I bought two - one for me, and one as a Christmas gift for my daughter. The 6 suites me better than the two newer versions. Everything about it is just like brand new. I especially like the flexibility of the unlocked phone even though I am still using my AT&T service. AT&T was pleased to install the SIM card and get it up and running. Of course, they should be because we could have walked out and gone to Verizon if they didn't want to do it. I also like the fact that I can use buy and install a local SIM card when I travel to another country. Excelente! Perfect conditions! It exceeded my expectations! I am extremely pleased Cell phon okey bt I don't get headset It's perfect. Works as new. The item was my daughter's Chrismas present and she is loving it...was really impressed with delivery time and package It works GREAT just like new, came unlocked just like stated. Great Product good In China is very good, with a SIM card, activate immediately I payed for a 128gb and They have sent me a 64gb Iphone.. Me han enviado un Iphone 64gb en vez de 128gb, y pague por este ultimo. Muy mal.. Very Bad I wouldn't buy it, I already regret it buying it. I'm not doing this to make them sound bad but my front camera is half broken around the lense and for 3 days in a role my phone goes on vibrate and on silent simultaneously. My elder son birthday gift and he loves it my phone came new no dents or scratches the phone works perfectly fine Pro: It's an iPhone. Con: needs to ship with a sim tool and apple certified lighting cable. Oops unboxing fail. At $400, the price for this is great. My phone came in amazing condition  battery seems good, no dings, chips or scratches. What could go wrong? Well the phone is still locked. Prior to purchasing this I had read people having similar experiences, but was hoping Id be one of the lucky ones. I wasnt. So if youre thinking about buying this (say from Pangea Deals) youre rolling the dice. Ive seen reviews were everything was great, some where the phone was terrible, some where its still locked. It looked good physically when it arrived with only a small scratch, and also worked fine for a while, but now it is starting to act up. Represented as certified refurbished. The cable(slightly shorter) and charger are not original. Most importantly, the charger has no test lab approval markings. Various companies conduct tests for quality and safety. Although test lab approval may not be required by law, many local agencies frown on non approved products and may prohibit their use especially in schools and hospitals. Better manufacturers submit their products for testing and evaluation approvals which can be lengthy and very expensive. I suppose if I asked the manufacturer for support regarding charging issues, their first question would likely be, "Are you using an original charger?" If I were the manufacturer of the phone, I would be very concerned about the substituting of the original charger with charger not bearing an approval from one of the test labs. I love it My phone was damaged upon arrival! I turned it on and it lagged out and just stays on the apple logo on start up! I am beyond furious saved up for this phone and bit me in the a**, 600 down the drain, Apple trying to charge me 300 for replacement. Ridiculous, would of gotten a free one from Apple but this one lost warranty since last year, and to top it off it wasn't even unlocked it was with Verizon! So Far its working ok, looks like new not refurbished so great product! Great deal on a 128GB 6, looks and works perfect! Works great. Looks brand new. Shipped quickly. I was nervous after reading a handful of reviews so I wanted to post a satisfied review. I'm on AT&T. The first couple of days the phone worked great. Soon after I got it though, the speaker stopped working and the headphone jack no longer worked. still factory locked. Great phone at the best possible price. Used with Straight Talk and no problems in setting phone up. Ok Thank you , I have received it today in good condition. Just received the phone, is in good condition no scratch, dent or anything. When i received the phoone and took it in it was locked still. Otherwise in perfect condition. I took the chance on buying a refurbished phone since I did see mainly good reviews for this product, however I was left very disappointed. My iPhone came with some scratches near the volume button along with near the charging port. Aside from that, my battery was in very poor condition dying whenever it would reach 20%. I did all the troubleshooting suggested thinking it was maybe the software, but the problem continued. I wouldn't waste your money. You are better off buying a brand new unlocked iphone from Apple for just $30 more. Not worth the hassle. Grear as new!! I have problems with my camera, doesn't work properly as an iPhone 6 normally do. Please let me know if I can replace it or change the camera. Just bought it. Brand New. Everything fine. Just activated my new iPhone 6 64 gb and it's working perfect I recommend everyone who's looking for an iPhone to buy this now. Great quality especially after being refurbished. I would recommend to others. Love it!! It's brand new!! wonderful Fast delivery ,good product . Thanks. Was really worried that the product would not be as described. It's literally like a new iPhone! Don't waste your money elsewhere! Sleek, not a scratch or dent anywhere. Buy it! it has a scratch on the top and near the earphone jack. Also between the volume buttons was dirty. The rest is perfect Excellent Many bugs with the phone, like vibration on call, text is not working gone through manh troble shoots but no use Wondering why the iPhone that I bought without mic cable Did not work! would stay on hello screen, and lockup. A reset would show a mountain photo before shutting down. Sensational IPhone. Everything I expected & MORE. I just love all its capable of . I had it stolen from my home on the 15th September 2015 (Tuesday) . I am getting an IPHONE 6s to replace my stolen IPHONE 6. I would recommend it to my friends & who ever..... Awesome, phone is like brand new. At first cable was not working but seller sent me new one immediately I just got the phone and not sure if battery and charger is original Apple.... Item is in good condition but no user manual or documents inside, just phone, usb cable and plug, Did not even get any warranty information Tiene la pantalla despegada :( Excellent PERFECT CONDITION Phone is great so far! No complaints. The charger, however- with my very FIRST time plugging it in and unplugging, the whole top (thumb) part slid off lol. Everything is pretty good other than that. Thanks so much!

